pair_ID	resume	jd	score
1	Bachelor of ScienceComputer Science & Mathematics North Central College	B.S. in Computer Science or equivalent industrial experience required; Master’s Degree preferred.	four
2	onetwo years in Java/Web development	"one0+ years of overall software development experience, five+ years in Java"	five
3	Algorithm and Data Structures	"Proficiency in coding, data structures, algorithms, and designing for performance, scalability, and availability."	four
4	Students’ evaluations of my performance noted my patience and clear communication	"Strong analytical skills, excellent communication and interpersonal skills."	five
5	Replaced company website with a more trustworthy and better performing site	"Experience in building security features for large-scale systems, specifically around data encryption and encryption key management"	two
6	"During system integration, assisted the development team in meeting their performance objectives."	Lead design reviews for engineers and provide feedback on architecture and open design questions	two
7	Team Lead EHR Software Support	Lead and influence technical direction and roadmap	four
8	"Increased team's efficiency by mentoring others and evolving internal processes to include unit tests, codereviewed pull requests, and build automation tools"	"Lead best practice for clean and effective code, improve team technical level"	four
9	"Role : Programmer, Software designer"	"A professional with solid grounding in Computer Science, strong competencies in security, big data, data structures, algorithms and software design is an ideal candidate for this team."	two
10	Agile Methodologies amongst team members	"Liaison with Product Manager, Engineering Manager and other agile teams to align with the overall product vision and architecture 
design"	three
11	Helped migrate Wercker’s job scheduler from running on CoreOS fleet to Kubernetes	Familiarity with containerization services i.e. Kubernetes.	five
12	Placed third out of fifteen three-person teams by solving programming problems in the Oregon regional	"The platform team is looking for an energetic and dependable individual, who is passionate in solving complex system level problems, 
creating scalable and highly efficient frameworks and supporting software development across the whole business suite."	three
13	"M.S., Computer Science, M.I.T., Cambridge, MA."	B.S. in Computer Science or equivalent industrial experience required; Master’s Degree preferred.	five
14	Good automation and debugging skills	testing experience with automation tools.	two
15	"Three years with Java, C. Experience with AngularJS"	"one0+ years of overall software development experience, five+ years in Java"	one
16	software engineer in developing innovative solutions to solve complex issues through all phases of development. An effective leader who enlists the support of all team members in achieving both project and organizational goals.	"The platform team is looking for an energetic and dependable individual, who is passionate in solving complex system level problems, creating scalable and highly efficient frameworks and supporting software development across the whole business suite."	five
17	Ensures the availability and security of data and information of the company.	"A professional with solid grounding in Computer Science, strong interest in security, big data, data structures, algorithms and software design is an ideal candidate for this team."	five
18	"Passionate and committed to writing clean code, designing and delivering practical solutions"	Contribute clean and effective code in an agile environment	five
19	"Automated these processes (transfers, pre-processing, load, updates, and correlations) using REXX, Perl and Java"	Automate recurrent tasks using modern tools and frameworks	four
20	Bachelor of ScienceComputer Science & Mathematics . North Central College	B.S. in Computer Science or equivalent industrial experience required	five
21	"Visual Studio Code, IDE,"	"You know your way around an IDE like IntelliJ, Eclipse or VSCode"	five
22	"Languages & Libraries React, TypeScript, Express, Go, Postgres, Javascript, Java, Python, Dthreejs, Pfivejs"	"Experience developing software in Java, Golang, Python."	three
23	"Technology and Framework: Java SE, Java Web (Servlet, Spring, Hibernate)."	Prior (work) experience with Java and a framework like Spring	five
24	Managing best practices of software development life-cycle (SDLC)	Familiarity with modern software lifecycle principles.	five
25	Wrote a service called cluster manager that dynamically scales the size of our Kubernetes cluster as a function of the number of customers	"Familiarity with containerization services i.e. Kubernetes along with Hands-On Experience working with Microsoft Azure, Google Cloud Platform or Amazon Webservices."	three
26	Feb. one996 - Sep. two009	Total Experience - four-8 years	five
27	Web-based applications for any standards-compliant platform.	"As a penetration tester, you would be expected to conduct Vulnerability Analysis and Penetration tests on web-based applications, networks, and other types of computer systems on a regular basis."	one
28	I designed and contributed to the development of an ERP software solution	"You will be expected to work on Cloud Security, Mobile Security, and Security of ERP Products."	five
29	"Contributed to the System Security Plan: documentation, implementation, auditing"	"Along with these tests and assessments, candidate is expected to perform regular security audits from both Design, Process and technical / hands-on standpoint."	four
30	I am an all-round Software Engineer with a focus on web development.	"Graduate in Computer Science, Software engineering or equivalent with two+ years of working experience in IT Security is required"	four
31	"Contribute and review code, maintain documentation, triage issues and bugs, and organize contributor outreach events."	"Experienced in application security testing (source code review and application penetration tests) along with working knowledge of Security principles, techniques and technologies"	two
32	"Comfortable with various computer languages: C#, Java, C/C++"	"Application development background and security knowledge – example of languages include C, C#, C++, Java, JtwoEE"	three
33	initially over leased SDLC but later revised to SNA routed over TCP/IP.	Good understanding of the components of a secure DLC/SDLC	five
34	I helped redesign our DevOps systems	"As part of one00+ strong engineering team, you will gain experience in building enterprise scale Cloud Engineering applications with DevOps culture at the heart of what you do."	five
35	"Testing and control changes in the production, test and development environments"	"Design, program and test product features by following agile development practices"	three
36	"Utilization of various project management methodologies (Waterfall, Agile, SCRUM, Stage Gate and COCOMO)"	"Demonstrate excellent quality, design, development and delivery skills in scrum teams working in short development and release cycles"	five
37	Azure DevOps	"Support DevOps related tasks including delivery, operations and support of the cloud service"	three
38	Partner in conjunction with the business development team and the operational team to create effective marketing strategies and proposals	"Mentor team, showcase good team player skills and work with geographically distributed teams"	three
39	Bachelor of Science in Computer Science	Degree/master’s degree in computer engineering or equivalent subject	five
40	"Technologies: Spring, JPA, REST, Microservice, XML, JMS, JDBC"	"five to 7 years of experience in Java and related technologies like Core Java, Spring, JDBC, JMS, REST"	three
41	"Developed background tasks using multithreading: attribute calculation, import and export job scheduling, system maintains."	"Good knowledge of OOAD, algorithms, data structures, multithreading, design patterns, programming best practices. OS and runtime"	one
42	"Operating Systems: Windows XP Professional, UNIX, Linux, Mac OS X, Solaris."	"experience (Linux, Windows, JVM, Web servers, Servlet Containers)"	three
43	"Databases: Oracle, Dbtwo, MySQL"	"Strong grasp on at least one relational database system such as SAP Hana, Oracle, SQL Server, MySQL, PostgreSQL, or DBtwo"	five
44	Maintaining and administering web systems security	"Understanding and experience of system quality, security, performance, maintainability & extensibility"	three
45	Agile software development.	Experience of working in an agile software development environment	five
46	"Early leader in development (IaaS, PaaS) as a member of Cloud Core Team, Cloud and DevOps Workgroup"	"Contribute Design, implement and manage security controls and automation in a DevOps environment within public clouds across IaaS, PaaS, SaaS and container platforms."	five
47	CI / Deployment / Monitoring pipeline design	Assist in defining the need and assess relevant security tools to address security challenges within cloud environments and CI/CD pipelines.	three
48	Monitored server security; monitored/reviewed server logs	Support compliance/certification activities and participate in security audits/reviews.	five
49	"Project Management Methodology: Scrum, Agile, Kanban, Lean, Waterfall, PMI/PMBOK"	Participate in Agile scrum sprints to create user stories and to assist in developing Sprints and Releases.	three
50	"Languages: Java, SQL, Python, JavaScript, bash"	"two+ years of increasingly progressive experience (flexible) and three+ years programming experience in Java, C#, JavaScript, Python, Ruby or equivalent (flexible);"	three
51	"DevOps tools, Terraform"	Experience with infrastructure-as-code principles and tools like Terraform or equivalent	five
52	Linux System Administration	five+ years of diverse working experience in IT infrastructure as Linux system administrator and/or DevOps/SRE engineer	five
53	Google Cloud Platform	"Understanding of security controls/services in public cloud environments (AWS, Azure or Google Cloud Platform)."	five
54	Linux server administration	"Experience with Linux administration, shell scripting, and open source security tools"	three
55	MS in Computer Science	"Master’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or equivalent subject"	five
56	Data structures & algorithms	"Excellent programming skills in Java and Python and a solid foundation in computer science with strong competencies in data structures, algorithms, and databases"	two
57	June two0onetwo–present Software engineer • Google.	three+ years of experience in software engineering	five
58	"Spring, PostgreSQL, GIS, Microservice. Responsible for the development from the architectural solution to the final implementations of the business services."	Experience with relational databases (e.g. Postgres) and cloud-based storage solutions (e.g. AWS Sthree) and with microservice architectures and distributed systems	three
59	"C, Java, Perl, CGI, HTML, Make, CVS, Bourne Shell & misc. shell tools, Apache, Linux"	"Experience with Linux administration, shell scripting, and open source security tools"	three
60	Built a RESTful API	"Strong knowledge of cloud infrastructure technologies (AWS, Azure, GCP) and Kubernetes and in designing and implementing RESTful APIs as well as API specification tools (OpenAPI/Swagger)"	two
61	"Strong database skills (PostgreSQL, Oracle)"	"Strong grasp on at least one relational database system such as SAP Hana, Oracle, SQL Server, MySQL, PostgreSQL, or DBtwo"	five
62	Developed for web-based TV-ratings application AdViews in C# within an Agile development environment.	Knowledge of agile software development processes and experience with development processes driven by regular code reviews	three
63	"Reviewed individual customer status, informed qualifying customers on promotional offers."	"Effective communication skills, focusing on the presentation of technical information"	two
64	English: very good German: very good conversation and reading	Fluent in English and German is a must – both written and spoken	four
65	"I also have some knowledge of C, Python, IO, Scala and Go."	Programming experience in Scala or Go	three
66	Program Analysis through Graph-based Machine Learning	Hands-on experience with Data Science and Machine Learning projects	five
67	Developer advocate for greenfield SaaS project	Experience in early validation initiatives and/or SaaS startup experience is preferred	two
68	Wrote shell programs to convert data formats and special data input screens	"Computer skills: Python, familiarity with statistical analysis, shell programming"	three
69	English - good reading/writing	Language skills: Fluent English	five
70	"Recognized for team development, motivation, excellence in work, and community support"	"Soft skills: Willingness to learn, strong teamwork and presentation skills"	five
71	I’m passionate about learning and want to join an innovative team.	"Others: Determined to reach a goal in time, ability to work independently and to prioritize, pleasure in dealing with people, innovative and open-minded"	three
72	"Developing novel machine learning methods for random program generation, compiler optimisations, and representative benchmarking."	Prior research experience or internships related to machine learning	five
73	AWS Certified Developer	"Familiarity with cloud services such as AWS, Azure, etc."	five
74	Contributed to OpenCL port of Tensorflow	Experience with Deep Learning software packages such as Caffe/(Py)Torch/Theano/TensorFlow/MXNet	one
75	Ensure that all set standards are met by each QA Officer in fulfilling their duties and responsibilities.	Strong understanding of QA Processes; Practices & Methodologies.	five
76	"technical support including support management, training, and team building."	Ability to motivate and demonstrate technical leadership.	four
77	contribute my skills and expand my knowledge with a company serious about making authentic and innovative technology.	"Demonstrated independence, creativity and initiative and the ability to understand the company’s architecture and business goals."	five
78	"Skilled in building cross-functional teams, demonstrating exceptional communication skills and making critical decisions during challenges"	Ability to form strong cross-functional relationships and lead a cross organizational project team.	five
79	English Fluent	Excellent verbal and written communication skills in English.	four
80	I am a passionate individual with a meticulous approach to problem-solving	"Strong problem-solving skills, as well as the ability to read and code-review complex code written by others."	three
81	I push them to do their best while setting an example by working with them side-by-side.	"Strong team player, collaboration skills & ability to work under pressure."	five
82	Led TCO and cloud economics analysis for AWS as part of University Cloud Strategy development	Experience working on cloud (on-demand) software is highly preferred.	five
83	"Working with the Build/Integration Team on various home-grown build and test tools using C#, PHP, MySQL. Working on DO-one78B level A requirements based testing."	Experience working on Integration Platform Testing is highly preferred.	five
84	Selenium	Experience developing test cases using test automation and unit testing frameworks like jUnit and/or TestNG as well as Selenium two.0/three.0	three
85	"B.A., Computer Science & Mathematics"	"BS in Computer Science, MS a plus."	three
86	"Software Development Tools. Debuggers (GDB, DDD) , Version Control (GIT, BZR, SVN, CVS)"	"Experience using Bug Tracking, Test Case repository and Version Control Systems like Perforce and Git"	three
87	onetwo years in Java/Web development	Strong Core Java knowledge is highly preferred.	five
88	PostgresSQL	"Good Database concepts and experience, preferable with SAP Hana, Sybase and PostgresSQL."	five
89	Working as full stack developer. Mostly web based applications with Spring MVC as backend and Backbone or Angular as a front end.	"Desired additional skills: Maven, Micro services (Angular, Spring Boot),"	five
90	"Sets action plans and execute internal practices which involve aspects related to but not limited to technical issues, procedures, tools and general operational practices"	"Analyzes, defines, implements and executes quality and test related activities according to a given quality- and test strategy for the product area."	three
91	OOP Java (UCSD); Algorithms and Data Structures Specialization	"Good knowledge of OOAD, algorithms, data structures, multithreading, design patterns, programming best practices. OS and runtime"	three
92	test automation of complex apps	"Creates a detailed test design incl. test system landscape requirements and product standards, prepares tests (customizing & master data), authors and executes manual and/or automated tests."	three
93	Software Design (Java); OO Programming (Python)	"Experience developing software in Java, Golang, Python."	four
94		"Is subject matter expert in the team in terms of quality assurance and test related processes, methods and tools."	three
95	Develop relationships with existing and new clientele in effort to identify business opportunities in alignment with corporate strategy	Has basic product domain knowledge including relevant business processes & scenarios and a basic understanding of customer needs.	five
96	"Go, Scala"	Programming experience in Scala or Go	five
97	Kubernetes	"knowledge about BtwoB, Supply Chain processes and functionality, SAP UIfive, OData, Sybase, Cloud Platform Integration, Cloud Foundry, Kubernetes."	one
98	"Developed process improvement tools (JavaScript, jQuery, HTML, CSS)"	Has basic knowledge and technical competencies of relevant programming languages and related development tools and processes.	five
99	Collaborated using the SCRUM Agile methodology	Active participation in Scrum meetings and demos.	four
100	Responsible for updating content and adding features to security-focused websites.	Propose enhancements in the existing features & functionalities.	five
101	Graduated with a Master’s degree in Computer Science.	Masters degree in computer sciences or comparable work experience	five
102	Has strong analytical skills and can easily understand technical concepts	Strong analytical and logical skills	five
103	"Programming Languages: C#, Java, Perl, C/C++, SQL, PHP, JavaScript, Bourne Shell, Make."	"Strong software development skills in programming languages (Perl, Python, JAVA …)"	two
104	Designing RESTful APIs to interface with custom databases	"General web services development skills HTTP/HTTPS, RESTful APIs"	four
105	Specializing in bridging the gap between technical and soft skills and having a drive to overcome challenges by employing creative problem solving skills makes me a valuable asset to any team.	"Strong problem-solving skills, as well as the ability to read and code-review complex code written by others."	five
106	"Develop and manage technology projects and their cost, time and scope as defined by clients utilizing preferred project management methodologies"	Customer orientation with a strong focus on quality	five
107	Languages English German	Very good German and English language skills fluent in spoken and written	four
108	Contributed to Amazon Cloud Formation code for our DevOps repository to set up our infrastructure	"Experience with usage of Public Cloud Infrastructures (Google Cloud Platform, AWS, Azure etc.) is a plus"	five
109	Developed comprehensive security rules. Implemented integration with LDAP.	"Experience with central infrastructure services (DNS, LDAP, NTP, mail) is a plus"	three
110	linux SUSE	"Linux OS administration, SuSE Linux Enterprise and Xen knowhow are of advantage"	five
111	Lead designer and implementer of integration with Puppet	"Configuration management automation knowhow (Chef, Puppet, Ansible)"	five
112	Cloud Computing Strategy (IaaS/PaaS/SaaS);	Experience/Knowhow of Cloud IAAS and PAAS offerings	five
113	the product manager / IT business manager to the Flagship Product when meeting with clients to ensure that business process is being achieved through the implementation of the products	Strong project management skills; strong orientation towards results	five
114	Managed simultaneous client relationships by ensuring results were delivered on time according to specific client needs and adhered to all quality specifications	experience in project management across teams	five
115	"JavaScript, Java, HTML, CSS"	"Prior (work) experience with Javascript, CSS and HTML"	five
116	"Operating Systems: Windows, Linux Languages: Java, C++"	"programming experience in Java or C++; in Linux, Windows, and/or Mac environment"	five
117	Studied Computer Science	·Design/development skills including experience driving projects from concept to prototype to production	three
118	MSCS-Computer Science and Information Systems	Master's Degree in Computer Science or related field	five
119	"Operating Systems: Windows XP Professional, UNIX, Linux, Mac OS X, Solaris."	Experience building complex software systems that have been successfully delivered to customers	five
120	Software engineer with more than twenty years of experience as a full life-cycle developer within Windows and Linux environments	"Knowledge of professional software engineering practices & best practices for the full software development life cycle, including coding standards, code reviews, source control management, build processes, testing, and operations"	five
121	MS in Computer Science	"Programming experience in at least one modern programming language such as C, C++, C#, or Java"	five
122	"Provide efficient, courteous customer service and assist in all aspects of product offerings and services"	Strong focus on customers and operational excellence	five
123	"I possess strong communications skills, keen analytical insight, an ability to rapidly grasp high-level organizational needs and objectives, and a depth of technical knowledge and experience."	"Experience in communicating with users, other technical teams and management to collect requirements, describe software product features, and technical designs"	five
124	"C, C++, Java"	"Bachelor's degree in computer science, engineering, mathematics, or a related technical discipline, or equivalent experience"	five
125	Tableau	"· Experience using business intelligence reporting tools (Tableau, Business Objects, Cognos etc.)"	five
126	Data stored and analyzed in Oracle database using SQL	· Knowledge of data management fundamentals and data storage principles	three
127	Designed and developed ETL tools	"· Demonstrated strength in data modeling, ETL development, and data warehousing"	five
128	"I've been using sthree, ectwo and a few other amazon services to build scalable apps for a while now."	"Experience working with AWS big data technologies (Redshift, Sthree, EMR)"	five
129	jQuery	"You have used jQuery or at least one UI framework like Angular, React, …"	five
130	Mentored new employees on current projects and company specific requirements to bring them up to speed quickly	· Experience providing technical leadership and mentoring other engineers for best practices on data engineering	three
131	"Planned, designed, and developed software. Maintenance including upgrades, patches, code releases, and database changes"	"· Knowledge of software engineering best practices across the development lifecycle, including agile methodologies, coding standards, code reviews, source management, build processes, testing, and operations"	five
132	"Bachelor of Science (B.Sc.) , Computer Science"	Bachelor's degree in computer science or related technical discipline or industry experience.	five
133	worked on newer versions of the Linux kernel and Linux distributions	experience writing core Linux kernel code.	five
134	Software Developer two008 - Present	· two+ years of experience doing hands-on software development.	five
135	debug any issues I came across	Demonstrated experience in debugging and developing features in low-level software stack.	three
136	C++ on Linux platform	· Experience in writing middleware in C/C++/Go on Linux	five
137	Patched vulnerabilities and bugs in open source software with millions of users: Linux kernel	"· A desire to contribute to an environment where everyone wants to work hard, have fun, and to make history."	five
138	Software Developer	experience as a software developer	five
139	I am a technical manager with a history of building a strong team by hiring talented employees.	experience managing people	five
140	Object Oriented Programming Language Java	"• Software development experience in OOP, Java or C++"	five
141	implemented AWS rebilling service supporting over one00 linked accounts.	"Experience designing, developing, and deploying enterprise solutions using Amazon Web Services"	three
142	"Python, C++, SQL, Bash, JavaScript, C, OpenCL, Java, Go."	• Deep hands-on technical expertise	five
143	"M.S., Computer Science,"	BE / B Tech / MCA / ME / M Tech / Ph.D. in Computer Science or related fields.	five
144	"Leading team responsible for developing, maintaining, testing and implementing web-based environment"	leading the product development.	five
145	"Three years with Java, C"	"Proficiency in, at least, one modern programming language such as C, C++, C#, or Java"	five
146	Cross-Platform Development	"Experience in conception, design & delivery of cross platform software"	five
147	Identified numerous operational opportunities and implemented new solutions to improve efficiency and quality	Experience in defining processes and establishing mechanisms that improves the efficiency of software development for customers and developers	four
148	Also designing and managing the database using MYSQL	Experienced in handling large data sets using SQL and databases in a business environment.	five
149	Have good communication skills	Excellent verbal and written communication.	five
150	B.A. Computer Science	Strong troubleshooting and problem solving skills.	five
151	Have ability to learn a new thing quickly	"Thrive in a fast-paced, innovative environment."	five
152	Professional software designer and developer	Development experience creating application software.	five
153	designed to eliminate the burden of infrastructure management and system maintenance of a cloud-based application platform	"Experience developing cloud software services and an understanding of design for scalability, performance and reliability."	four
154	"Experience with service oriented architecture (REST, SOAP)"	"Development experience defining, developing and maintaining REST based interfaces."	three
155	PROGRAMMING Java Python Arduino (C) Unity (C#)	Excellence in technical communication with peers and non-technical cohorts.	five
156	Manage the team of five developers	Demonstrated ability to mentor other software developers to maintain architectural vision and software quality.	five
157	Eight years experience using the latest in Python	"three+ years of experience with data scripting languages (e.g SQL, Python, R etc.)"	five
158	"AWS (cloudformation, ECtwo, Sthree, SNS/SQS & cost optimization)"	"Experience using AWS technologies such as Redshift, Sthree, EMR and data pipelines"	five
159	Writing and maintaining functional and technical documentation as needed to support environments	Excellent writing skills for both technical and business-facing documents.	four
160	"MASTER OF SCIENCE, TECHNOLOGY. Data Analysis and Analytics. Scientist"	"· Master’s degree in Statistics, Applied Math, Economics, Computer Science, or a related quantitative field with at least two years of working experience as a Data Scientist."	five
161	Amazon Web Services	"hands-on experience on one or more of AWS, Azure or GCP,"	five
162	"Implemented several system improvements and provide exceptional customer service, dramatically reducing problems and issues with the system."	"· Strong data analysis, problem solving skills, strategic thinking, attention to detail and bias for delivering results"	three
163	"Skilled troubleshooting, problem solving,"	· Expertise in deriving insights from big data analyses to solve business and technical problems	three
164	Provided customers with information. Proven Customer Service skills	"· Strong interpersonal and communication skills, along with ability to explain complex technical concepts and analysis implications clearly across different audiences and varying levels of the organization"	three
165	"customer service representative . Maintain strong knowledge of all products, accessories, pricing plans, promotions and service features. Handle service inquiries from customers"	"· Excellent customer intuition and demonstrated success in identifying and prioritizing business questions, and using quantitative techniques using available data to deliver solutions to address these questions"	four
166	I have developed an appreciation for creative processes	"Ability to think innovatively and creatively about ambiguous technical, product and business problems"	three
167	I manage an international team of up to onethree people who provide twofour / 7 daily build support	"Strong record of leading international teams, and working with partners internationally"	five
168	Lead and mentor a cross-functional team of designers and developers	Experience guiding and mentoring software development engineers	five
169	I appreciate good design and architecture.	"· Strong design, architecture, and problem solving skills"	five
170	Currently investigating program representations and machine learning models for analysis and optimization.	data analytics and machine learning experience in products or services businesses	five
171	Technical Writer	· Excellent written and verbal communication with the ability to present complex technical information in a clear and concise manner to a variety of technical and non-technical audiences	three
172	To work in an environment where culture and teamwork are important	· Demonstrated track record of cultivating strong working relationships and driving collaboration across multiple technical and business teams	four
173	End-to-end Deep Learning	"Deep understanding of regression modeling, forecasting techniques,machine-learning concepts such as supervised and unsupervised learning, classification, random forest, etc."	two
174	Participated in business analyst projects to improve operational efficiency using new technologies	"Prior experience leading teams of Applied/Data Scientists, Data Engineers, Software Engineers and Analysts"	three
175	Improved database efficiencies by reworking schema and SQL queries	"· Exposure to big data: extraction, processing, filtering, and presenting large data quantities (one00K to Millions of rows) via AWS technologies, SQL, and data pipelines"	two
176	Program Analysis through Graph-based Machine Learning	"Experience in Machine learning (decision trees, multivariate and logistic regression, kNN, kMeans, deep learning, etc.)."	four
177	"SQL, python"	· Experience with SQL and at least one scripting language (preferable Python)	five
178	Automated the system backup process	Experience writing scripts to manipulate data or automate data pipelines	five
179	"Exceptional writing skills, including the ability to prepare product descriptions, procedural documentation, instructional materials, and reports that can be easily understood by technical and non-technical readers alike."	· Ability to communicate technical concepts and solutions at a level appropriate for technical and non-technical audiences	five
180	"Languages C++, Pascal, Lisp, Scheme, Perl, Java"	coding in Java or C++ or related technologies	five
181	SR SOFTWARE ENGINEER	experience managing software engineering teams	five
182	I led multiple projects	· Proven leadership skills and teamwork skills	five
183	"High degree of professionalism, with a knack for interpersonal communication,"	Excellent verbal and written communication skills.	five
184	"Tasked with training the developers on new tools, technologies, and processes"	You easily move into new topics and enjoy working with latest technologies	five
185	Excel spreadsheet program. MS Word word-processing application. PowerPoint presentation program	"Computer skills: Microsoft Office skills primarily in Excel and PowerPoint; technology skills in the area of e.g. Data Modelling, Business"	five
186	"Fluent in Java, Javascript, Python, Django, HTML/CSS, Git. Proficient in AngularJS, SQL , Scheme, Ruby"	"Software Development (e.g. Java, Java Script, Angular, React, HTMLfive, Ruby, Python)"	five
187	Linux Administrator	"Linux, Windows and networking knowledge"	two
188	"Amazon Web Services (AWS) Architecture; AWS Cost 
Analysis and Optimization;"	"Good understanding of modern automation, build and cloud technologies (Chef, Puppet, Kubernetes, AWS, Azure, Docker, Jenkins, 
Bamboo or similar)"	three
189	Conducted statistical and time series analysis	Deep understanding time series analysis	five
190	"Algorithms, Artificial Intelligence, Optimization, Software Engineering, Theory of Computing Abstract Algebra, Linear Algebra, Real Analysis, Set Theory, Topology, Mathematical Logic"	"· Experience in developing machine-learning algorithms, statistical and mathematical optimization models, and simulation and visualization tools"	five
191	"Javascript, HTML, and CSS/Sass"	"Frontend development experience (HTMLfive, CSS, JavaScript)"	five
192	Back-End (Server-side)	Backend development experience (PHP and Wordpress)	three
193	"Gulp, Git, Node.js"	"DevOps and Tooling Experience (Git, Node, Gulp, etc.)"	five
194	Improved quarterly deliverable process by leveraging MySQL relational database	MySQL experience or willingness to learn	five
195	Expertise in Adobe Creative Suite	"Experience with design tools such as Axure, Sketch, InVision, Framer or Adobe Creative Cloud to create software interface prototypes"	five
196	Design and implement customerfacing and internal admin UI/UX and associated backend code.	In-depth understanding about Design Thinking and Lean UX principles	three
197	"Software Development Methodologies. Agile software development (Kanban, Scrum, Continuous Integration, Test driven development)"	"Experience with agile software engineering processes (Kanban, Scrum) in context of enterprise software development"	five
198	I migrated the solution to a real-time Linux system	Strong Linux skills	four
199	Currently investigating program representations and machine learning models for analysis and optimization. Postdoctoral Researcher	"· PhD in Statistics, Mathematics, Business Analytics, or related quantitative discipline."	five
200	"Maintenance, development & data mining"	· Experience applying data mining techniques in an industrial setting.	three
201	"UX Engineer, UX Designer"	"Experience with UX research - design of experiments, moderation, note taking, data synthesis"	two
202	Developed Python program that uses statistical analysis	"Fluency in a scripting or computing language (e.g. Python, R, Java, C++, etc.)"	five
203	"Languages Java, Python,"	"Strong software development skills in programming languages (Perl, Python, JAVA …)"	five
204	mentored test driven development techniques and scrum backlog maintenance and tracking	· Experience with agile/scrum methodologies and its benefits of keeping scientists on track and iteratively delivering results.	three
205	Advanced user skills: UNIX	Experience and Strong Knowledge of Windows and Unix/Linux server Administration	three
206	Experienced with SQL optimizations	· Expert knowledge of SQL	four
207	"MS Office , MS Teams, Skype , Zoom"	"Computer skills: Microsoft products (especially Excel, PowerPoint) is required, while Skype, MS Teams and JIRA is a plus"	three
208	Skills developed: SQL (Data importing / cleaning)	· Hands-on experience and advanced knowledge of SQL.	five
209	"Oversaw implementation of new Data Warehouse environment, consolidating data from over 6 sources and using novel techniques to handle ETL of complex MongoDB source data"	"· Experience in Data Modeling, ETL Development, and Data Warehousing."	five
210	PowerBI	"· Experience using business intelligence reporting tools (Power BI, Tableau, Cognos, etc.)."	five
211	Spark	"· Experience using big data technologies (Hadoop, Hive, Hbase, Spark, EMR, etc.)."	five
212	Have a very high interest of Javascript and its progress	"Java, Java EE, Go Lang, JavaScript etc."	two
213	Ensure an extraordinary customer experience.	"· Strong customer focus, ownership, urgency, and drive."	five
214	"Coaching, mentoring, motivating and supervising team members and contractors, and influencing them to take positive action and accountability for assigned work"	Excellent communication skills and the ability to work well in a team.	five
215	"Troubleshoots hardware, software and network problems."	"Effective analytical, troubleshooting, and problem-solving skills."	five
216	Programming applications in Java	"Knowledge in JavaScript, python, Java"	three
217	"Programming Languages C++, Python, MATLAB, Bash, Scala"	"Advanced scripting skills in Python, PowerShell, Perl, Bash, Shell or another common language"	five
218	Administer TCP/IP-based radio network	"Experience with TCP/IP and network programming, can deploy VPCs & VPNs to public clouds"	five
219	Machine learning	"· Background in Big Data, non-relational databases, Machine Learning and Data Mining is a plus."	three
220	Has a proven track record in project implementation and team management	people management experience.	five
221	"Establish and assemble project teams, assign tasks based on skillsets critical to project completion and train as necessary"	"· Ability to effectively prioritize projects, manage multiple competing priorities simultaneously, and drive projects to completion under tight deadlines."	three
222	"Created Python/Django user interface to access, search, and modify data • Created data visualization dashboards with Google Charts"	"· one0+ years of hands-on industry experience delivering large analytical solutions with big business impact including data modeling, reporting, and visualization."	three
223	Hiring new employees	"· Experience hiring and leading data engineers, analysts, and scientists as well as a successful record of developing junior members along a successful career track."	two
224	Amazon Sthree	"Experience working with AWS technologies including Redshift, RDS, Sthree, EMR, Kinesis, ECtwo."	five
225	"Matlab, SQL"	"· Hands on experience with SQL and one of the following; R, Python, SAS, STATA, MATLAB (data extraction, manipulation, statistical analysis and predictive modeling)."	five
226	Dthree.js	"· Experience in data visualization and reporting, preferably in Tableau, Shiny, and/or Dthree.js."	five
227	Exceptional management and organization of priorities in high-volume production-oriented environments working as the leader or member of a team.	Proven track record of driving business strategy and decisions using executive level data communication skills.	three
228	Synthesizing Benchmarks for Predictive Modeling.	Ability to both quantify and communicate the value driven using predictive modeling	three
229	shiny	"· Experience in data visualization and reporting, preferably in Tableau, Shiny, and/or Dthree.js."	five
230	building Tableau reporting environmen	"· Experience in data visualization and reporting, preferably in Tableau, Shiny, and/or Dthree.js."	five
231	PowerBI	"· Experience in data visualization and reporting, preferably in Tableau, Shiny, and/or Dthree.js."	one
232	"Contributing to the project management, analysis, systems analyst, business analysis, user stories, prototyping, testing and maintenance of web systems and applications"	· Demonstrated experience with end-to-end project management from data analysis to action deployment.	four
233	Test-Driven/Behavior-Driven Development (TDD/BDD)	· Proven track record in driving customer/developer behavior using segmentation experimentation.	three
234	I feel that many businesses today do not understand or utilize advancements in technologies. I am motivated and intend to use my creative skills to help businesses bridge that disconnect.	"Ability to think big, understand business strategy, provide consultative business analysis, and leverage technical skills to create insightful, effective BI solutions"	three
235	Ability to communicate with customers of various levels.	"Excellent interpersonal skills, with the ability to communicate complex data issues correctly and clearly to both internal and external customers."	four
236	Bachelor of Computer Science	"Bachelor's degree or foreign equivalent in Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, or a related field"	five
237	"Software Architecture, Software Design, Software Configuration Management"	"experience in the job offered or as a Software Engineer, Software Developer, or a related occupation"	five
238	Also familiar with: C++	"distributed software applications, tools, systems and services using Java, Scala, Go, C#, or C++, and Object Oriented Design."	one
239	Senior software engineer with over three0 years of success	· five+ years of professional experience as a software engineer or related role.	five
240	Set up computers and provided tech support on site. Explained product and gave demonstrations to potential customers	Experience developing complex software systems that have successfully been delivered to customers.	three
241	"Acted as member of architecture team for development of standards and methodologies for coding, peer code review, and reusable code library development base on Industry standards and accepted best practice guidelines"	"· Knowledge of professional software engineering practices & best practices for full software development life cycle, including coding standards, code reviews, source control management, continuous deployments, testing and operations."	four
242	"Java, C++ Programming Certificate"	"programming experience with at least one modern language such as Java, C++, or C# including object oriented design"	five
243	"Deep understanding of computer architectures, algorithms"	"· two+ years of experience contributing to the architecture and design (architecture, design patterns, reliability and scaling) of new and current systems"	two
244	Implemented Scrum for software development projects	professional software development experience	five
245	"I am seeking a software development position in which I create applications which stretch the boundaries of what we can make our machines do for us. That could be an entirely new class of software, or a better version of something that already exists."	You love Software Development & Programming	five
246	specialized in Front-end (Web) technology.	Prior experience as a backend or frontend developer (both would be a plus but is not mandatory)	four
247	"Worked with Spring framework (Spring Core, Sprint Web, Spring Data, Spring Security),"	Prior (work) experience with Java and a framework like Spring	five
248	Designed and implemented OS/two PM system in Object Oriented (OO) C++	Good understanding of OOP and testing	three
249	Mentor for a new hire pilot program to train inexperienced	leading and mentoring other development team members	five
250	Cross Functional Teams	"experience in a leadership position in cross-functional, highly collaborative environment."	three
251	"HTML/XHTML (CGI, CSS)"	"Prior (work) experience with Javascript, CSS and HTML"	five
252	Expanded automated end-to-end UI tests using Protractor for AngularJS	"You have used jQuery or at least one UI framework like Angular, React, …"	four
253	Certified SCRUM Master (two009)	"· five+ years of experience with agile software development methodologies, especially Scrum, Kanban and/or Scrum-ban"	five
254	"Created intuitively designed interfaces that use modern UX/UI design philosophies to engage users, incorporate accessibility, and provide a responsive layout"	"· two+ years experience working with NoSQL, AWS, micro-services architectures, RESTful APIs, and responsive human centered UI design."	three
255	I've used SQL in everything from embedded sqlite databases to multi-server postgresql and mysql clusters. I've been learning and using SQL since two000.	· Hands-on experience and advanced knowledge of SQL.	five
256	Python programming language	Experience coding and automating processes using Python or R.	five
257	Am comfortable working in teams	the ability to work well in a team.	five
258	"Conducted successful troubleshooting, installation, secure management of systems"	"· Effective analytical, troubleshooting, and problem-solving skills."	five
259	Java-script programming language. Java programming language	"Java, Java EE, Go Lang, JavaScript etc."	five
260	"Programming languages : Java, C++, Python, R"	"Skills with Java, C++ (or other high-level programming language) as well as R, MATLAB, Python (or similar scripting language)"	five
261	"Experience working with Hadoop, Spark, R, Data Lakes and NoSQL databases"	Advanced knowledge of big data analytics technologies	five
262	Experince working with time series models	Experience with time series forecasting	five
263	"knowledge of machine learning, nlp and deep learning"	"knowledge of machine learning, statistics, NLP, deep learning, recommendation systems, choice modeling, time series, or natural language processing, dialogue systems, information retrieval"	four
264	"Python,C++, Python, R"	"Skilled with Java, C++, or other programming language, as well as with R, SAS, MATLAB, Python or similar scripting language"	four
265	"Python,C++, Python, R,Scala"	"Hands on experience with at least one of the following: Matlab, R, Python, Stata"	five
266	Worked on machine learning projects	Experience building and growing teams of Economists or machine learning scientists	four
267	"worked on predictive models, presriptive models, statistic models"	"Strong background in econometrics (e.g., program evaluation, forecasting, time series, panel data, and/or high dimensional problems), economic theory, and quantitative methods"	four
268	"Python, R , Matlab, Scala, C, Cypher, SQL"	"ou are able to use at least two statistical modeling/programming languages or toolboxes (R, SAS, SPSS, Matlab, Python Data Science Stack)"	five
269	"Perl, ruby, python,R,Java"	"Some knowledge in writing scripts (Perl, Ruby) to manipulate data and developing software applications in traditional programming languages (C++, Java, Python)"	four
270	"experience working with supervised, unsupervised models"	"Knowledge of supervised learning methods (linear and logistic regression, generalized linear models, decision trees, random forests, support vector machines, graphical models, neural networks, etc.) as well as unsupervised learning methods (K-means, hierarchical clustering, association rules, principal components, etc.)"	three
271	"Apache, Hadoop, Spark, Pytorch"	Experience with large-scale data processing platforms such as Apache Spark and Hadoop.	five
272	"spark, Pyspark"	Knowledge Scala/ Spark or PySpark	five
273	"OBIEE, Business Objects, Cognos, Tableau, MicroStrategy"	"Knowledge of business intelligence reporting tools (OBIEE, Business Objects, Cognos, Tableau, MicroStrategy)"	five
274	"knowledge of AWS - Redshift, Sthree,EMR"	"Experience working with AWS big data technologies (Redshift, Sthree, EMR)"	five
275	"data modeling, ETL development, and data warehousing"	"Demonstrated strength in data modeling, ETL development, and data warehousing"	four
276	"linear and logistic regression, generalized linear models, decision trees, random forests, support vector machines, graphical models, neural networks, K-means, hierarchical clustering, association rules, principal components"	Familiarity with statistical models and data mining algorithms	five
277	"Hadoop , Spark"	"Expert-level knowledge of Big data processing frameworks such as Kafka, Spark, Hadoop"	four
278	"Python, R , Nosql - MongoDB, Neofourj"	"Analytic development - SQL, NoSQL, graph-based, Key/Value stores, document stores, Python and/or R"	four
279	Advanced knowledge of the python ML libraries	"Experience applying machine learning to real-world production systems, analytic development based on SparkML and other ML libraries such as scikit-learn, caret, mlr, MLlib"	four
280	"Python, R, C, C++"	Proficiency in at least one modern programming language such as Java or C++/C#	five
281	Experience working with data driven technologies	"five+ years of work experience in areas such as data analytics, operations research, data modeling, machine learning and large scale simulation"	four
282	"Python, R, java"	"Familiar with programming languages such as C/C++, Java, Perl or Python"	three
283	"knowledge of machine learning, nlp and deep learning"	"Deep understanding of various algorithms and well versed with scikit learn, pandas, numpy, seaborn, matplotlib"	five
284	"Delivered nlp based machone learning tools using python, flask, javascript, & Ml alogorithms"	experience to leverage Natural Language Processing to deliver business results	five
285	"Python, R , Matlab, Scala, C, Cypher, SQL, Ruby"	"coding experience in at least one modern programming language (R, Python, Ruby, Scala, Java, Spark etc.)"	five
286	"Data Modeling, ETL Development, and Data Warehousing"	"Experience in Data Modeling, ETL Development, and Data Warehousing"	five
287	utilized MS SQL	Hands-on experience and advanced knowledge of SQL	three
288	"Redshift, Sthree, EMR"	"Experience working with AWS big data technologies (Redshift, Sthree, EMR)"	five
289	"Hadoop, Hive, Hbase, Pig, Spark"	"Experience with Big Data Technologies (Hadoop, Hive, Hbase, Pig, Spark, etc.)"	five
290	"Oracle, Redshift, Teradata"	"Data Warehousing Experience with Oracle, Redshift, Teradata, etc."	four
291	"Redshift, Sthree, ECtwo, Data-pipeline and other big data technologies"	"Experience leading large-scale data warehousing and analytics projects, including using AWS technologies – Redshift, Sthree, ECtwo, Data-pipeline and other big data technologies"	four
292	Knowledge of linux platform	Linux/UNIX including to process large data sets.	five
293	"Experience in working with SAS, R or matlab technology"	"experience leveraging SAS, R or matlab to manipulate data and set up automated processes as per business requirement"	four
294	"Python, R , Matlab, Scala, C, Cypher, SQL, Ruby"	"Hands-on experience in Python, Scala, Java, C#, C++ or other similar languages"	five
295	"Agile methodology, ETL , ITIL"	Experience with agile or scrum methodology	four
296	"data processing tools such as Hadoop, Spark, Map-reduce, and Hive"	"Familiarity with some of the clustered data processing tools such as Hadoop, Spark, Map-reduce, and Hive"	four
297	"data structures, problem solving, algorithm design and complexity analysis"	"Strong CS fundamentals in data structures, problem solving, algorithm design and complexity analysis"	five
298	"AWS technologies including Glue, Redshift/Spectrum, Kinesis"	"real-time data pipelines built on AWS technologies including Glue, Redshift/Spectrum, Kinesis, EMR and Athena"	four
299	"Data warehousing programs, tableau and other dashboards for data intelligence and analysis"	"Experience using business intelligence reporting tools (Tableau, Business Objects, Cognos etc.)"	two
300	"development lifecycle, including agile methodologies, coding standards, code reviews, source management, build processes, testing, and operations"	"Knowledge of software engineering best practices across the development lifecycle, including agile methodologies, coding standards, code reviews, source management, build processes, testing, and operations"	five
301	"big data technology : hadoop, spark, R , tensorflow"	"experience with statistical modeling tools such as R, SAS, SciKit-learn, or TensorFlow"	four
302	"Experience working with Statistics, Machine Learning models"	"Deep expertise in Statistics, Machine Learning or related disciplines"	five
303	"python, R"	Experience using Python and/or R	five
304	"ETL framework, data modeling, Hadoop, Spark"	"experience with ETL, Data Modeling, and Data Architecture with hundreds of terabytes of data"	five
305	"R,Weka, SAS, Matlab"	"Experience with R, Weka, SAS, SPSS, Matlab or other statistical/machine learning software"	four
306	Developed a supervised model	"machine-learning packages (e.g. supervised and unsupervised learning, clustering, random forests, etc...) and/or statistical analysis tools (e.g.: regression analysis, hypothesis testing, time series analysis, etc...)"	four
307	"Python, R, Java"	"programming experience in Java, Python, Scala, C++, or other mainstream language"	three
308	"Python tech stack : TensorFlow, Pytorch, keras, scikit"	"Machine and Deep Learning toolkits such as MXNet, TensorFlow, Caffe and Torch"	four
309	experience working with Dthree	Ability to present metrics in a web rich environment using Dthree (or Cthree)	four
310	Developed solution designs in collaboration with software architects that improved process efficiency by onefive0% and reduced costs by $three00K	Strong problem solving skills with an emphasis on product development	four
311	Supported testing on three+ large-scale projects to refine solutions and ensure they fit the purpose and match the customer’s needs. This resulted in $oneM savings for the client	Strong problem solving skills with an emphasis on product development	four
312	"Experience in Python, R, Java, SQL, Julia, Scala, matlab, tensorflow"	Experience using statistical computer languages to manipulate data and draw insights from large data sets.	five
313	"NoSQL, Kafka, Docker, Orhestrator"	Experience working with and creating data architectures.	five
314	"clustering, decision tree learning, artificial neural networks"	"Knowledge of a variety of machine learning techniques (clustering, decision tree learning, artificial neural networks, etc.) and their real-world advantages/drawbacks"	five
315	"experienced with python packages (sci-kit-learn, pandas, numpy, scipy, nltk, django), google dialogflow, tensorflow"	Knowledge of advanced statistical techniques and concepts	four
316	strong communication skills	Excellent written and verbal communication skills for coordinating across teams	five
317	"experienced with python packages (sci-kit-learn, pandas, numpy, scipy, nltk, django), google dialogflow, tensorflow"	A drive to learn and master new technologies and techniques	four
318	"Master’s or PHD in Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science or another quantitative field"	We’re looking for someone with five-7 years of experience manipulating data sets and building statistical models	four
319	"C, C++, Java, JavaScript, Python, R"	Coding knowledge and experience with several languages	four
320	"GLM/Regression, Random Forest, Boosting, Trees, text mining, social network analysis"	Knowledge and experience in statistical and data mining techniques	five
321	"R, Python, Sql, Cypher"	Experience querying databases and using statistical computer languages	five
322	"Redshift, Sthree, Spark, DigitalOcean etc."	Experience using web services	five
323	"regression, simulation, scenario analysis, modeling, clustering, decision trees, neural networks"	Experience creating and using advanced machine learning algorithms and statistics	five
324	"Google Analytics, Site Catalyst, Coremetrics, Adwords, Crimson Hexagon, Facebook Insights"	Experience analyzing data from threerd party providers	five
325	"Map/Reduce, Hadoop, Hive, Spark, Gurobi, MySQL"	Experience with distributed data/computing tools	five
326	"Periscope, Business Objects, Dthree, ggplot, tableau, powerBI"	Experience visualizing/presenting data for stakeholders using	five
327	Experience in building data architectures	"Interpret data, analyze results using statistical techniques and provide ongoing reports"	five
328	"SQL Server, MySQL, PostgreSQL, NoSQL databases, MongoDB, Redis, Big Data frameworks, Hadoop, Spark"	Develop and implement databases	five
329	"SQL, Hadoop, Spark"	Develop and implement data collection systems	five
330	Experience in building ETL frameworks	Acquire data from primary or secondary data sources and maintain databases/data systems	five
331	Predictive maintenance and anomaly detection using machine learning to reduce the machines unplanned downtime and predict machines failure	"Identify, analyze, and interpret trends or patterns in complex data sets"	five
332	knowledge of data cleaning and data wrangling using data mining tools	"Filter and “clean” data by reviewing computer reports, printouts, and performance indicators to locate and correct code problems"	four
333	strong leadership and team skills	Work with management to prioritize business and information needs	five
334	Identify business KPI	Locate and define new process improvement opportunities	four
335	Partner with development team to implement business intelligence solution using tableau	"Experience with Tableau, QuickSight, OBIEE or similar BI Reporting Platform"	three
336	"Proficient in Tableau, quicksight, Dthree.js"	Data visualization and dashboarding experience	five
337	Developed data models with ETL framework	"Establish scalable, efficient, automated processes for large scale data analyses, model development, model validation, and model implementation"	three
338	Working knowledge for SQL	"Experience in data mining (SQL, ETL, data warehouse, etc.) and using databases in a business environment with large-scale, complex datasets"	two
339	"Tableau, Business Objects, Cognos, PowerBI, Dthree.js, Excel"	"Experience using business intelligence reporting tools (Tableau, Business Objects, Cognos etc.)"	five
340	"tableau, QuickSight"	Experience in working with data visualization (QuickSight or Tableau)	five
341	Developed data models with ETL framework	"Implement standardized, automated operational processes to deliver accurate and timely data for reporting to meet or exceed SLAs"	five
342	Strong knowledge of SQL and NoSql databases	Proficient extracting and processing data using performant SQL queries	four
343	"Visualization software: OBIEE, Tableau, Amazon Quicksight, Dthree.js, PowerBI"	"Experience building self-service reporting solutions using business intelligence software (e.g., OBIEE, Tableau, Amazon Quicksight, etc.)"	five
344		"Establish scalable, efficient, automated processes for large scale data analyses, model development, model validation, and model implementation"	five
345	"Excel, Tableau, QuickSight"	Advanced skills in Excel as well as any data visualization tools like Tableau/QuickSight or similar BI tools (familiarity with Tableau preferred).	five
346	"ETL, SQL"	"Data modeling, Data extraction through ETL and SQL"	four
347	"Tableau, PowerBI, Excel, PowerPivots, R , Python"	Experience in dash-boarding using Tableau/PowerBI/Excel/PowerPivots. Familiarity with R/Python to enhance dashboards is a plus	five
348	Automation using VB Script and Scala	"Knowledge of scripting for automation (e.g., VB Script, Python, R, Scala)"	four
349	"Tableau , Excel , PowerBI"	Experience with data visualization using Tableau or similar tools	four
350		Experience with large-scale data warehousing and analytics projects	five
351	"SQL, Tableau"	Strong knowledge of and experience with database querying (SQL) and reporting packages (Tableau or similar)	three
352	"Tableau, QuikSight, Power BI"	"Prior experience with data visualization (Tableau, QuikSight, Power BI)"	five
353	"tableau, Obiee"	"Experience in developing requirements and formulating business metrics for reporting, familiarity with data visualization tools, e.g. Tableau"	five
354	"tableau, shiny, Dthree.js, PowerBI"	"Experience in data visualization and reporting, preferably in Tableau, Shiny, and/or Dthree.js"	five
355	familiar with SQL	Experience with SQL	four
356	"Ruby, Perl, Oracle, Redshift, SQL, MySQL, Tableau"	"Experience with at least one of the following: Ruby, Perl, Oracle, Redshift, SQL, MySQL, Tableau"	five
357	"Tableau, Microstrategy, QuickSight or equivalent data visualization solutions"	"Working knowledge of Tableau, Microstrategy, QuickSight or equivalent data visualization solutions"	five
358	"R, Stata, Python, Matlab"	"Proficient in statistical programming languages such as R, Stata"	five
359	"OBIEE , PeopleSoft"	"Working knowledge of Oracle Business Intelligence (OBIEE), PeopleSoft or other HRMS systems a plus"	five
360	"Tableau , Excel , PowerBI, AWS Redshift"	Leverage internal tools including Tableau and AWS Redshift to deliver data driven recommendations	four
361	"Advanced proficiency with Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, and PowerPoint)"	"Advanced proficiency with Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, and PowerPoint)"	four
362	"Advaced Excel, Tableau, Excel"	"Advanced Microsoft Office skills, particularly Excel (analytical platforms as well as Tableau & Quicksight skills would be advantageous)"	five
363	"OBIEE, Business Objects, Cognos, Tableau, MicroStrategy"	"Knowledge of business intelligence reporting tools (OBIEE, Business Objects, Cognos, Tableau, MicroStrategy)"	five
364	"Data warehousing programs, tableau and other dashboards for data intelligence and analysis"	"Experience using business intelligence reporting tools (Tableau, Business Objects, Cognos etc.)"	four
365	"Tableau, OBIEE"	"two+ years’ experience with Tableau, Looker or similar BI Reporting Platform"	five
366	"Perl, Shell, Python and/or Ruby"	three+ years scripting experience	four
367	"ECtwo, ECS, Cloudformation, Cloudwatch"	· three+ years AWS experience	five
368	"MySQL, Redis, and DynamoDB"	· two+ years database experience	five
369	"Kubernetes, Docker, Jenkins, Ansible Chef, Puppet, or related tools"	· one+ years Docker experience	four
370	"Java, NET, Nodejs, PHP, Python, Ruby"	"Experience in at least one of the following languages: Java, NET, Nodejs, PHP, Python, Ruby"	five
371	"Git, Perforce, SVN, TFVC"	· Familiarity with one or more version control	four
372	"Virtualization using Hypervisors, VMware, Xen"	· Exposure tExpert experience with Virtualization	four
373	"Kubernetes, Docker, Jenkins, Ansible Chef, Puppet, or related tools"	· Exposure tExpert experience with Kubernetes	four
374	"CloudFormation, Chef, Puppet, Salt, or Ansible"	"Experience with CloudFormation, Chef, Puppet, Salt, or Ansible in production environments"	five
375	"CloudWatch, Datadog, Splunk, Opentracing, AWS X-Ray, and APM tools"	· Experience with monitoring and log aggregating frameworks.	five
376	"knowledge of Git, SVN, Mercurial, Perforce"	· Experience with revision control source code repositories	five
377	Experience with Jenkins and BamboExpert experience with and TeamCity	· Management of continuous integration servers	five
378	"Kubernetes, Docker, Jenkins, Ansible Chef, Puppet, or related tools"	· Continuous Integration technology	five
379	"Ubuntu, CentOS, RedHat, Active Directory, Exchange"	· Expert of experience with System Administration with Linux and/or Microsoft Windows Server and associated technologies	five
380	"expertise in TCP/IP, DNS, routing, switching, firewalls, LAN/WAN, traceroute, iperf, dig, cUrl"	· Expert experience with Networking and troubleshooting	five
381	"Knowledge of automation tools such as Chef, Puppet, Salt, Ansible"	Expert experience with automating real-world production environment	five
382	Knowledge of cloud development platforms such as CloudFormation or Terraform	Expert experience with infrastructure as a code development	five
383	"Jenkins, Bamboo, TeamCity, VSTS"	Expert experience with configuring and managing continuous integration servers	five
384	"Docker, K8S, ECS, Fargate"	Expert experience with containers	five
385	"ELK, Datadog, New Relic"	Expert experience with logging and monitoring infrastructure	five
386	"VPN's, DNS, load balancing, and firewalling."	"Expert experience with IP networking, VPN's, DNS, load balancing, and firewalling."	five
387	"linux scipt knowledge- Powershell, Python, Bash"	Expert experience with Linux and Windows-based systems administration in Cloud or Virtualized environment including scripting	five
388	"C, C++, C#, Java, or Perl"	"Knowledge of, at least, one modern programming language"	five
389	Excellent analytical and quantitative skills	Excellent analytical and quantitative skills	five
390	"Git, Gerrit, Confluence, Jira, Bamboo"	Experience using modern SCM tools	five
391	"C, C++, Java, Python, or PERL"	Experience in at least one modern programming language	five
392	"C++, Java, Python"	Experience with writing objectoriented code in any programming language	five
393	Java or C#	one+ years experience implementing software in a major systems language	five
394	"Xen, KVM, Docker and/or Kubernetes"	· Working knowledge of virtualization and containerization	five
395	"TCP/IP, DNS"	Experience with Networking	five
396	"VMware, Xen, Hypervisor"	Exposure to Virtualization	five
397	"jQuery, Bootstrap, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Angular, rails."	Experience with any of the following web development languages	five
398	"Python, Java, Perl"	"one+ year experience in at least two of: Python, Java, Perl, PHP, Ruby, Bash/Shell"	five
399	"TCP/IP, DNS, routing, switching, firewalls, LAN/WAN, traceroute, iperf, dig, cURL or related"	7+ years of experience with Networking and troubleshooting	five
400	"Java, Perl, Ruby, Python"	Some programming / scripting experience	five
401	"Tableau, OBIEE"	"two+ years’ experience with Tableau, Looker or similar BI Reporting Platform"	five
402	"Bachelor of Technology (B.Tech.), Computer SoftwareEngineering"	"Bachelor’s degree or higher in Computer Science, Software Engineering or Computer Engineering, or related discipline"	five
403	Senior Python Developer May two0onefour - July two0one7 (three years three months)	"three+ years of object oriented programming experience in Python, Ruby, Java, or another high-level programming language"	four
404	I am experienced in Python and facilitating requirements	"three+ years of object oriented programming experience in Python, Ruby, Java, or another high-level programming language"	one
405	Platforms: Linux	Experience with full stack development in a Linux environment	two
406	"I am skilled in stakeholder managementat all levels and has experience working on projects in North America, MiddleEast and Asia."	Experience with the automation and management of IT infrastructure	two
407	Handled multiple reputed projectsand 6 scale team.	Experience with the automation and management of IT infrastructure	one
408	"facilitating requirements capture through workshops, interviews and questionnaires"	Possess strong verbal and written communication skills	three
409	"excellent interpersonal, negotiation and diplomatic skills,"	Possess strong verbal and written communication skills	four
410	Agile and Waterfallmethodologies	"Knowledge of professional software engineering practices & best practices for the full software development life cycle, including coding standards, code reviews, source control management, build processes, testing, and operations"	two
411	"Version control systems (SVN, GIT, Mercurial)"	"Knowledge of professional software engineering practices & best practices for the full software development life cycle, including coding standards, code reviews, source control management, build processes, testing, and operations"	two
412	"ambitious, motivated, career oriented person, willing to accept challenges, energetic and result oriented"	"Results-oriented, high energy, self-motivated."	five
413	Amazon Web Services (AWS)	"Experience with AWS services such as SQS, Sthree, API gateway and SNS"	two
414	Comprehensive database management and migration from SQL to Oracle	Understanding of SQL and/or NoSQL databases	four
415	"NoSQL, MongoDB, MySQL, PostgreSQL"	Understanding of SQL and/or NoSQL databases	five
416	Amazon Sthree	"Experience with AWS services such as SQS, Sthree, API gateway and SNS"	two
417	Team Lead and Python Developer / AngularJS Developer / ReactJSExpert	Programming in one or more object-oriented languages like Java/Python/C#/Ruby/Objective C/C++	three
418	Senior Python Developer	"Mastery of the tools of the trade, including a variety of modern programming languages (Java, JavaScript, C/C++, Objective C, Python, Ruby, or C#)."	two
419	"MSc, Computational Mechanics of Materials and Structures"	MS in Computer Science or equivalent	four
420	Simulative and experimental analysis	"Experience developing high quality, large scale consumer applications"	one
421	"BSc, Aerospace Engineering"	BS in Computer Science or equivalent	two
422	integrationand maintenance of GIT System	Develop high quality maintainable code	two
423	Progressive Web Application development the feature creates nativeapplication from given website	Experience developing hybrid native/HTML mobile applications	three
424	Android Developer	Experience developing hybrid native/HTML mobile applications	one
425	Engine infrastructure development for integration of Android and IOS SKDs	Experience developing hybrid native/HTML mobile applications	three
426	"Development using Make, Perl and Python."	Programming in one or more object-oriented languages like Java/Python/C#/Ruby/Objective C/C++	two
427	Applications are used to verify clients backend configuration and ability toconnect with AppDome products.	"Experience developing high quality, large scale consumer applications"	three
428	Takes ownership of the full SDLC process in afast-paced and high-stakes development environment	Firm understanding of software development principles	five
429	B.S. degree in Computer Science and Information Security	"BA/BS in Computer Science or related discipline, or equivalent work experience."	five
430	"Python three, Bash and Perl scripting, C/C++"	"Experience with one or more following languages: Python, C/C++, rust"	four
431	Execute the SDLC process globally to perform migrations and deployments	Firm understanding of software development principles	five
432	Experience with Windows and Linux cybersecurity environments	"Experience with Linux system administration and trouble-shooting of issues through their entire stack, including software, networking and operating system levels"	one
433	IPS Protections Developer	"Experience with Linux system administration and trouble-shooting of issues through their entire stack, including software, networking and operating system levels"	two
434	"TCP/IP, HTTPS, SSL/TLS"	Systems Administration / Engineering background required	one
435	Experience with Windows and Linux cybersecurity environments	Deep knowledge of the Linux and/or Windows operating systems	two
436	Monitor QA/Production environments during trading hours (globally) andassist in priority incidents to prevent possible outages and troubleshoot toprovide solutions	Proven ability to troubleshoot and identify the root cause of issues	four
437	Monitor QA/Production environments during trading hours (globally) andassist in priority incidents to prevent possible outages and troubleshoot toprovide solutions	Excellent troubleshooting skills	four
438	"Execute the SDLC process globally to perform migrations and deployments.Coordinate and create new software releases, application upgrades andconfiguration changes as needed by the team"	Experience with agile software development practice	five
439	"Create CI/CD frameworks for Python deployments that implements staticcode analysis, code coverage, and unit testing during the build and deployprocess to improve the quality of Production code and prevent bugs"	"Knowledge of professional software engineering practices & best practices for the full software development life cycle, including coding standards, code reviews, source control management, build processes, testing, and operations"	three
440	"Protocols: TCP/IP, HTTPS, SSL/TLS, Lthree Router automation, Kerberos, Publickey infrastructure."	"Experience with some aspect(s) of computer security: network security, application security, security protocols, cryptography, etc."	three
441	"Languages: Python three, Bash and Perl scripting, C/C++"	"Development depth in OOP, Java, UNIX, Perl, C#, XML, Web services, Powershell and UNIX tools."	one
442	"Liaise with business unit to gather business requirements and feedback, QAtraining sessions, and after-hours Production tests."	Excellent documentation skills	three
443	Automate the public key infrastructure procedure for our Web Stack with ascript so our team never has to manually renew or deploy an expired digitalcertificate again.	"The ability to program to solve problems and automate repetitive tasks in a common scripting or programming language such as Python, Bash, or Ruby"	two
444	Onboard MongoDB globally to increase reliability and scalability by replacingoutdated technologies.	Understanding of SQL and/or NoSQL databases	two
445	Jenkins CI/CD	"Strong experience working with Open Source development, including experience with Open Source CI/CD environments"	three
446	"Building tooling for past, present and future games in React (+ MobX) andNode"	"Proficiency using modern web development technologies and techniques, including HTMLfive, CSS, JavaScript, JQuery, etc or frameworks such as React/Redux, Backbone or Angular"	one
447	I also helped designing architecture of the projects and incorporating React apps	"Proficiency using modern web development technologies and techniques, including HTMLfive, CSS, JavaScript, JQuery, etc or frameworks such as React/Redux, Backbone or Angular"	one
448	"My job included working on both back-end (C#) and front-end (JS) parts of thesystem, API, a desktop application (WPF) and an online helpdesk widget (JS)."	"Proficiency using modern web development technologies and techniques, including HTMLfive, CSS, JavaScript, JQuery, etc or frameworks such as React/Redux, Backbone or Angular"	one
449	Execute the SDLC process globally to perform migrations and deployments	Ability to work in a fast paced and agile development environment	three
450	"Design, prototyping, implementation, testing, continuous integration, problemsolving"	Experience translating design mockups and prototypes into working application designs	three
451	Support the Open Source activity of eHealth.	Experience working with the open source community	two
452	Analyses of the implementations bottlenecks and boundaries of application.	Proven ability to troubleshoot and identify the root cause of issues	three
453	Python developer	"Solid experience in Perl, Ruby, or Python (expert in at least one)"	one
454	"Skilled in Python, Django, Django REST framework, Flask, Java"	"Experience programming in Java, C++, Python or related language"	three
455	"Good background in Visual C#, C++, C,"	"Experience programming in Java, C++, Python or related language"	two
456	"With business and academic experience in Machine learning,classification, regression, data analysis, data mining, supervisedlearning, unsupervised learning, Pandas, Numypy, Scikit Learn,automatic text processing, Jupyter Notebook, deep learning,PyTorch, AI knowledge and great interest in AI & Deep Learning."	Hands on experience with machine learning methods for language processing and dialogue modeling	two
457	"With business and academic experience in Machine learning,classification, regression, data analysis, data mining, supervisedlearning, unsupervised learning, Pandas, Numypy, Scikit Learn,automatic text processing, Jupyter Notebook, deep learning,PyTorch, AI knowledge and great interest in AI & Deep Learning."	"Expertise in at least one more major programming language (C++, Java, or similar) and at least one scripting language (Python, or similar), and one Deep Learning Framework (MXNet, Tensor Flow, etc.)."	two
458	"Master, Electrical and Computer Engineering, Major: Computer Engineering"	"MSc in Electrical Engineering, Computer Sciences, or Mathematics"	three
459	Full Stack and Machine Learning Developer two years 8 months	two+ years of experience of building machine learning models for business application	four
460	Full Stack and Machine Learning Developer	"Experience working effectively with science, data processing, and software engineering teams"	two
461	"Master, Electrical and Computer Engineering, Major: Computer Engineering"	"M.S. in Computer Science, Information Retrieval, Machine Learning, Natural Language Processing, Statistics, Mathematics, or related discipline"	three
462	Spark	Experience developing in Spark or related Big Data systems	two
463	"Programming Skills: C, C++, Java, Python, HTML, PHP, R , Bash,AngularJs, Objective-C, Swift,Ruby,Go"	"Ability to clean, transform, and merge your own data in a procedural language like Python or R"	three
464	Developed a Classifier Model in Python using TensorFlow	"Ability to clean, transform, and merge your own data in a procedural language like Python or R"	one
465	Created task based chatbot for web component of Kalebr using Vue.js	Experience in designing analytic and/or algorithmic solutions to business or operational problems	one
466	Experience in designing analytic and/or algorithmic solutions to business or operational problems	Experience in designing analytic and/or algorithmic solutions to business or operational problems	three
467	"The work includes developmentand application of computer vision algorithms, machine learning and deeplearning."	Experience in designing analytic and/or algorithmic solutions to business or operational problems	one
468	Software and Algorithms Developer	Experience in designing analytic and/or algorithmic solutions to business or operational problems	two
469	Machine Learning Developer one year four months	Previous experience in a ML or data scientist role and a track record of building ML or DL models	two
470	"Since two0one8, I have been working as a data scientist and machinelearning developer."	Previous experience in a ML or data scientist role and a track record of building ML or DL models	two
471	"Programming Skills: C, C++, Java, Python, HTML, PHP, R , Bash,"	Experience using Python and/or R	four
472	"Toolbox/Software/Library: TensorFlow, XGBoost, UnitythreeD, Blender,Anaconda, numpy, scipy,pandas, scikit-learn"	"Experience using ML libraries, such as scikit-learn, caret, mlr, mllib"	one
473	ORACLE SQL one0g	Knowledge and experience of writing and tuning SQL	two
474	"GoDatabase: MySQL, MS Access, Sqlite, MongoDB"	Knowledge and experience of writing and tuning SQL	two
475	Developing Machine Learning/AI algorithms for the Eatit platform	Experience in designing analytic and/or algorithmic solutions to business or operational problems	three
476	I have been building machine learning pipelinesto analyze data using standard data science python packages andI also have been developing an in-house python package withmachine learning algorithms from the more recent literature	Previous experience in a ML or data scientist role and a track record of building ML or DL models	two
477	"Master of Science - MS, Bionics/Biomimetics · (two0one7 - two0one9)"	"Graduate degree in a highly quantitative field (Computer Science, Machine Learning, Operations Research, Statistics, Mathematics, etc.)"	one
478	Publications Toward Automated BiodiversityResearch on the Tropical EcosystemUsing Artificial Intelligence	"Publications or presentation in recognized Machine Learning, Deep Learning and Data Mining journals/conferences"	five
479	Publications Real-time Sign Detection andRecognition for Self-driving MiniRovers based on Template Matchingand Hierarchical Decision Structure	"Publications or presentation in recognized Machine Learning, Deep Learning and Data Mining journals/conferences"	four
480	"Master of Science, Artificial Intelligence - Learning Systems forLanguage · (two006 - two008)"	"Graduate degree in a highly quantitative field (Computer Science, Machine Learning, Operations Research, Statistics, Mathematics, etc.)"	three
481	"Implementation of multimodal speech dialogs in Java, for research projects"	"Good skills with programming languages, such as Java or C/C++"	three
482	"Expert in Artificial Intelligence (AI) and Computational Linguistics(NLP) with a decade of industrial experience developing naturallanguage dialog systems and their components, it's my great passionto build software for people."	one0+ years of industry experience in predictive modeling and analysis	five
483	Developed German Natural Language Underderstanding (NLU) models.Technical lead for all language teams in the Dragon TV project	Assist customers by being able to deliver a ML / DL project from beginning to end	one
484	Developed Natural Langage Generation system for Navigation Voice Guidancein two0 languages.	Assist customers by being able to deliver a ML / DL project from beginning to end	one
485	Project SmartWeb. Implemented module for the resolution of temporalexpressions (Java).	"Good skills with programming languages, such as Java or C/C++"	two
486	Using Neural network with help of voc dataset and caffe model toplay golf with one00% accuracy in five*five meter area. and further trained for customflag and ball data.	"If you have experience with AI, including building ML or DL models, we’d like to have you join our team."	three
487	Developed a Classifier Model in Python using TensorFlow ImageNet which isretrained according tothe requirement with accuracy of five9.6%.	"If you have experience with AI, including building ML or DL models, we’d like to have you join our team."	two
488	Strong Logic Building in Programming	"Able to write production level code, which is well-written and explainable"	three
489	"Machine Learning in production, with a focus on Computer Vision,Facial Recognition, Voice Bots, Recommender System and NLP"	Previous experience in a ML or data scientist role and a track record of building ML or DL models	one
490	"Learning and development leader with over fifteen years ofexperience with talent management, instructional design, facilitation,coaching, organization development, cross-cultural leadership,program management, needs assessment, and evaluation"	"Ability to develop experimental and analytic plans for data modeling processes, use of strong baselines, ability to accurately determine cause and effect relationships"	four
491	Leadership Development	Consulting experience and track record of helping customers	one
492	Organizational Development	"Demonstrable track record of dealing well with ambiguity, prioritizing needs, and delivering results in a dynamic environment"	one
493	"Manage a team of instructional designers, facilitators and program managersbuilding engagement and development opportunities for our employees aroundthe world."	"Demonstrable track record of dealing well with ambiguity, prioritizing needs, and delivering results in a dynamic environment"	three
494	"Graduate Certificate, The Art and Practice of Leadership"	Ability to take ownership	one
495	"Development, evaluation and Project Management of Business Intelligence /Machine Learning / Data Mining / Big Data Analytics systems based onMicrosoft SQL Server, Azure SQL Database, Microsoft Azure MachineLearning Studio, Cortana Intelligence Suite, SSIS, SSAS, Transact-SQL(T-SQL), Microsoft .NET Framework, Visual Basic .NET, C#, Python, R,ASP .NET and CSS."	Experience with AWS technologies	three
496	Performance optimization Microsoft SQL Server	Understanding of SQL and/or NoSQL databases	three
497	Migration of BI systemsto the Microsoft Azure cloud.	"Understand the customer’s business need and guide them to a solution using our AWS AI Services, AWS AI Platforms, AWS AI Frameworks, and AWS AI ECtwo Instances"	one
498	"Conception and evaluation of cloud strategies for BI and data science projects.Hands-on development of BI and machine learning systems with Microsoft(SQL Server, Azure AI Platform)"	"Experience with AWS technologies like Redshift, Sthree, ECtwo, Data Pipeline, & EMR"	two
499	Data analysis of E-Mail tracking data for online marketing purposes.	"Ability to develop experimental and analytic plans for data modeling processes, use of strong baselines, ability to accurately determine cause and effect relationships"	two
500	"Data analysis, optimization of processes and data quality, creation of statisticsand reports, development of a data analysis system with Microsoft SQL Servertwo00five and Microsoft .NET Framework."	Track record of diving into data to discover hidden patterns	one
501	"Software development with Java/JtwoEE, Online Marketing, SEO."	"Good skills with programming languages, such as Java or C/C++"	two
502	Webdesign and Online Marketing as a member of the Marketing ServicesEMEA - Online Content Management Team.	Strong written and verbal communication skills	three
503	"Data analysis, optimization of processes and data quality, creation of statisticsand reports, development of a data analysis system with Microsoft SQL Servertwo00five and Microsoft .NET Framework."	"Work with our Professional Services Big Data consultants to analyze, extract, normalize, and label relevant data"	one
504	"Creating interactive and drilldown dashboards in Tableau on performance trends, response rate enabling us to analyze and improve on-time delivery and overall performance"	"Develop dashboards visualizing a wide variety of topics across data center delivery and performance (project management, KPIs, program overview)"	two
505	"Creating interactive and drilldown dashboards in Tableau on performance trends, response rate enablingus to analyze and improve on-time delivery and overall performance"	Invent and innovate - Build various data visualizations to tell the story and let the data speak for itself	three
506	Developed an automation script for Tableau to send out regular emails withreports using Tabcmd and Autoshell.	Using business requirements to understand data needs and define self-service reporting solutions	three
507	Data modeling and data structuring	Assist in data validation and data clean up requests as needed	two
508	Define and develop scripts to automate and improve system installations atcustomer sites.	"Turn static reports from Excel in to automated, self-serve Tableau reports."	one
509	"Responsible for diagnosing, troubleshooting,and debugging complex software problems where first-line product supporthas been unable to isolate or identify problems"	Ability to work within existing dashboards and work on bugs/upgrades	four
510	"Bachelor's Degree, Electrical and Electronics Engineering · (two009 - two0onethree)"	"Bachelor's degree in Engineering, Statistics, Computer Science, Mathematics, Finance, Information Systems, or related field"	two
511	"Experienced with Tableau server maintenance, deployment and upgrade"	three+ years of experience developing Tableau dashboards and Tableau Server	one
512	Data modeling and data structuring	"Understanding of data warehousing, mining, and modeling"	two
513	"Manipulate and load data (ODI, SQL Developer, PL/SQL)"	Experience analyzing structured and unstructured data using SQL	three
514	"Involved with problem-solving, developing design specifications and providingsystem solutions"	Strong communication skills and ability to articulate complex solutions to customer(s)	four
515	"Data Professional with 6yrs of Experience in SQL Development,BI,Implementing Data ware housing using ETL Tools and buildingReports and Dashboards using Tableau."	"Advanced user of BI data visualization and delivery tools such as Excel, Tableau, Looker, Quicksight, etc"	three
516	"Masters in Computer Engineering, with a strong foundation insoftware engineering and programming principles across multipleplatforms"	"Master's degree in Business, Engineering, Statistics, Computer Science, Mathematics or related field"	four
517	"Experienced in Tableau development, object-oriented programming, developing and designing interfaces"	"Advanced user of BI data visualization and delivery tools such as Excel, Tableau, Quicksight, etc."	one
518	"Skilled in SAPBusinessObjects, Tableau, SQL, Oracle Database."	"Knowledge of Tableau best practices in performance tuning and user-centric design, proactive alerts"	one
519	Developed a repository website using Eprints on an AWS ECtwo Linux instance	"Experience with AWS services including Sthree, Redshift, EMR and RDS is a plus"	one
520	My Tableau Public profile: https://public.tableau.com/profile/suraj.choudhary#!/	Tableau Public profile links with published content is a plus	five
521	familiar with machine learning algorithms and R	R and/or Python is a plus	three
522	"Building powerful drill down dashboards in Tableau to observe the Incomingissue trends, engineering backlog and to analyze the performance metrics forQA, engineering and support groups."	"Develop dashboards visualizing a wide variety of topics across data center delivery and performance (project management, KPIs, program overview)"	four
523	"Strong business developmentprofessional skilled in Business Process, SAS, Visual Basic, SQL,Tableau, and Data Analysis."	Using business requirements to understand data needs and define self-service reporting solutions	two
524	"Worked as a junior BI developer using Qlik View and fetch the data fromvarious data sources like SQL server, Oracle, Tally, SAP BW, MySql and manymore."	"Advanced user of BI data visualization and delivery tools such as Excel, Tableau, Looker, Quicksight, etc"	one
525	Evaluate and assess client requirements and deliver proper BI technicalsolutions within the context of client needs	Using business requirements to understand data needs and define self-service reporting solutions	one
526	Transform data for reporting and advanced analytics	Assist in data validation and data clean up requests as needed	three
527	"Creating clear, concise and accurate business documentation"	Translate complex or ambiguous business problem statements into analysis requirements	five
528	Working closely with stakeholders to design dashboards which solvebusiness problems	"Develop dashboards visualizing a wide variety of topics across data center delivery and performance (project management, KPIs, program overview)"	one
529	Review customer data sources to ensure integrity of data collection andutilization	Assist in data validation and data clean up requests as needed	one
530	Perform data profiling to identify and understand anomalies	Assist in data validation and data clean up requests as needed	four
531	Review and validate customer data as it is collected	Experience building measures and metrics	two
532	Oversee the deployment of data to the data warehouse	"Understanding of data warehousing, mining, and modeling"	four
533	Cooperate with ETL Developers to make possible to work with leverage bigdata use cases	"Understanding of data warehousing, mining, and modeling"	three
534	Creating requirements for Big Data Engineers	Translate complex or ambiguous business problem statements into analysis requirements	two
535	Develop dashboards in Tableau	"Knowledge of Tableau best practices in performance tuning and user-centric design, proactive alerts"	three
536	"Main tools: Oracle SQL (PL/SQL) , Tableau, Confluence, Jira."	"Skilled in SAPBusinessObjects, Tableau, SQL, Oracle Database."	three
537	Manages client relationships and partners with hiring managers and interviewteams.	Strong communication skills and ability to articulate complex solutions to customer(s)	three
538	Assess customers needs and provide assistance and information on productfeatures	Strong communication skills and ability to articulate complex solutions to customer(s)	four
539	Handling customer complaints	Strong communication skills and ability to articulate complex solutions to customer(s)	four
540	Providing help and advice to customers using the organisation's products orservices	Strong communication skills and ability to articulate complex solutions to customer(s)	three
541	"Communicating courteously with customers by telephone, email, letter andface to face"	Strong communication skills and ability to articulate complex solutions to customer(s)	three
542	Analysing statistics or other data to determine the level of customer servicewas provided	Coordinate development and tracking of team goals	two
543	"Leading Tableau-based projects: from understanding business requirementsthrough data modeling, design phase, implementation, and server integration"	"Knowledge of Tableau best practices in performance tuning and user-centric design, proactive alerts"	four
544	"Developing tens of dashboards over relational databases (SQL Server,Oracle) containing clients' KPIs and periodic reporting measures"	"Develop dashboards visualizing a wide variety of topics across data center delivery and performance (project management, KPIs, program overview)"	three
545	Providing tens of Tableau tutorials for clients in different industries andTableau and SQL lecturer in Naya's Data Analyst and BI Developer courses	"Advanced user of BI data visualization and delivery tools such as Excel, Tableau, Looker, Quicksight, etc"	three
546	"Improving operational information features, resulting in atwo0% increase in team efficiency (using Excels, different reporting mechanisms,daily reports)."	"Turn static reports from Excel in to automated, self-serve Tableau reports."	two
547	"Attained vast experience in the security field in differentorganizations, with a rich background in analytical and researchroles"	Excellent analytical skills with ability to provide big picture insights from highly granular data	three
548	Provided assessments and tactical aides - from conception to execution	Excellent analytical skills with ability to provide big picture insights from highly granular data	two
549	BI Analyst and Tableau Developer	"Knowledge of Tableau best practices in performance tuning and user-centric design, proactive alerts"	one
550	Developing dashboards to monitor the Vertica License usage and Databasegrowth.	Invent and innovate - Build various data visualizations to tell the story and let the data speak for itself	one
551	creating extract data to improve Reports performance	Demonstrated data analysis and reporting experience with exceptional attention to detail.	two
552	"Master’s Degree, Mathematics and Statistics"	"Bachelor’s degree in Business, Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science, Engineering, Operations, Finance, or related field"	four
553	optimising users reports using SQL four years 7 months	two+ years of experience with data querying languages.	one
554	My role involves design and preparing dynamic andlive reports using Tableau desktop/server and MySQL.	"two+ years of experience with Tableau, AWS QuickSight, Power BI, or other data visualizations software"	two
555	Leadership Development	Exceeds Amazon’s leadership principles requirements for this role	one
556	Expertise in Data Integration and ETL solutions (staging solutionsinto enterprise ODS and Warehouse environments).	Understanding of data warehousing and data modeling	five
557	preparing live and static dashboards in Tableau desktop and Tableau server	Design and build custom reporting and dashboards to support Amazon Air lines of business	three
558	Extensive capability in managing and handling multiple projects.	Identify and manage projects independently while balancing input across multiple internal and external teams	four
559	"Working with latest technologies like columnar databases, AERA Analyticsand in-house ETL solution"	"Deep dive into large data sets to answer key business questions using SQL, Excel, and other data manipulation languages."	one
560	creating extract data to improve Reports performance	"Report key insight trends, using statistical rigor to simplify and inform the larger team of noteworthy story lines."	one
561	"Develop process improvement plan to ensure Data Integrity, Data accuracy ispreserved throughout the project life cycle."	"Maintain data integrity, perform QA Audits and diligently troubleshoot issues."	three
562	"Proven ability to manage, analyze, interpret, and summarize large data setsand develop business recommendations and strategies based upon these datasets."	"Continually improve ongoing reporting and analysis processes, while automating or simplifying self-service support and access to authoritative data sets."	one
563	Excellent time management skills including meeting the Aggressivedeadlines.	"Own and perform individual deep dive analyses, including communicating results and implications to leaders."	four
564	Expertise in creating adhoc Business Objects Web Intelligencereports.	Generate weekly and monthly data reports for both internal and external business reviews.	two
565	Excellent time management skills including meeting the Aggressivedeadlines.	"Learn and understand a broad range of Amazon’s data resources and know how, when, and which to use and which not to use."	two
566	"Around 9 years of total IT experience in all phases of projectimplementation from requirement gathering, technical analysis,Estimation, design, development & implementation of businessapplications"	Translate complex or ambiguous business problem statements into analysis requirements	four
567	generating Business Intelligence reports	Scale data processes and reports; write queries that clients can update themselves; lead work with data engineering for full-scale automation	one
568	"Good knowledge in Data Warehousing, Business Intelligenceconcepts & implementation"	Understanding of data warehousing and data modeling	five
569	"Ability to analyse existing systems, conceptualize and design newones, and deploy innovative solutions with high standards of quality"	Demonstrated data analysis and reporting experience with exceptional attention to detail.	two
570	"Developed analytics tools to allow leadership to quickly recognize trends inpurchases over a period of time with the ability to drill down to each region,hospital, or account."	Demonstrated data analysis and reporting experience with exceptional attention to detail.	one
571	Implementing Data ware housing using ETL Tools and buildingReports and Dashboards using Tableau.	Understanding of data warehousing and data modeling	one
572	Storyteller using Business and Infographic Visualizations	Invent and innovate - Build various data visualizations to tell the story and let the data speak for itself	five
573	"Data Professional with 6yrs of Experience in SQL Development,BI,Implementing Data ware housing using ETL Tools and buildingReports and Dashboards using Tableau."	"Advanced user of BI data visualization and delivery tools such as Excel, Tableau, Looker, Quicksight, etc"	four
574	"Analyzing, developing, testing and also offering support on new flowsrequested by the business users"	Translate complex or ambiguous business problem statements into analysis requirements	two
575	"Transforming the logical model into physical data integration model,developing new objects in the star-schema DWH system"	"Advanced user of BI data visualization and delivery tools such as Excel, Tableau, Looker, Quicksight, etc"	one
576	"Developing new tools (reports, dashboards) into BI application, debug andimprove existing SQL scripts."	Experience analyzing structured and unstructured data using SQL	one
577	"Built dashboards using techniques for guided analytics, interactive dashboarddesign, and visual best practices"	"Develop dashboards visualizing a wide variety of topics across data center delivery and performance (project management, KPIs, program overview)"	two
578	Build and maintain complex SQL to extract data from source system as perthe business logic. Work on various level of transformation on data beforeloading the reporting extracted data	Experience analyzing structured and unstructured data using SQL	three
579	Work with clinical analyst team to provider performance and qualityimprovement	"Maintain data integrity, perform QA Audits and diligently troubleshoot issues."	two
580	Additional projects include automation for comparison report betweenExtracted data and data in DataMart.	Demonstrated data analysis and reporting experience with exceptional attention to detail.	one
581	Writing SQL queries to retrieve desired data from the database	Experience analyzing structured and unstructured data using SQL	three
582	"Defining site objectives by analyzing user requirements, functionality andenvisioning system features"	Translate complex or ambiguous business problem statements into analysis requirements	five
583	Good knowledge on Tableau 9.0	"Knowledge of Tableau best practices in performance tuning and user-centric design, proactive alerts"	three
584	"Experienced analyst in the computer software industry. Skilled inTableau, SQL, Redshift, Salesforce, and Technical Documentation"	"Advanced user of BI data visualization and delivery tools such as Excel, Tableau, Looker, Quicksight, etc"	two
585	"Work with the development, design, product, and data teams to implementdata visualizations embedded in our custom product"	"Develop dashboards visualizing a wide variety of topics across data center delivery and performance (project management, KPIs, program overview)"	five
586	"Create custom datasources in Amazon Redshift, link Tableau dashboards to these data sources,and create stunning visualizations for use by roughly forty thousand users"	"Knowledge of Tableau best practices in performance tuning and user-centric design, proactive alerts"	four
587	"Coordinate team ownersin best practices with Tableau Server workbooks, data sources, and refreshschedules"	three+ years of experience developing Tableau dashboards and Tableau Server	one
588	Software and Tableau Visualization Developer	"Knowledge of Tableau best practices in performance tuning and user-centric design, proactive alerts"	one
589	Specialized in automating and improving manual business processes	"Turn static reports from Excel in to automated, self-serve Tableau reports."	two
590	"Create dashboards, putting processes in place to maximize dataquality, building data sets for analytical/reporting use"	"Knowledge of Tableau best practices in performance tuning and user-centric design, proactive alerts"	four
591	OperationsDeveloped business relationships to better understand business requirements	Demonstrated data analysis and reporting experience with exceptional attention to detail.	one
592	Performed QA for new platform changes and new client implementation	"Maintain data integrity, perform QA Audits and diligently troubleshoot issues."	three
593	Automated client disassociation process using SQL – combined results fromfour different systems that enabled us match 69% of received tickets and uploadthem into the system in one0 minutes vs spending five minutes per ticket in manualwork	"Turn static reports from Excel in to automated, self-serve Tableau reports."	four
594	Developed Dashboards and automated processes using Tableau andPL/SQL.	"Knowledge of Tableau best practices in performance tuning and user-centric design, proactive alerts"	three
595	"DirectorEvaluated processes and procedures and identify gaps in the operationsdepartment’s controls and system using Tableau, SQL & Microsoft Dynamicsin addition to using advanced Excel such as writing formulas, vlookups,match, and pivot tables"	"Deep dive into large data sets to answer key business questions using SQL, Excel, and other data manipulation languages."	four
596	Wrote complex SQL queries and dynamicallycreated automated reports to support the company's and Internal Auditingdepartment outlined target objectives	"Deep dive into large data sets to answer key business questions using SQL, Excel, and other data manipulation languages."	three
597	Analyzed current business processesby collecting relevant data on performance levels and how resources arepresently allocated to these processes	Demonstrated data analysis and reporting experience with exceptional attention to detail.	three
598	"Using SQL and Tableau, automated Customer billing process."	"Knowledge of Tableau best practices in performance tuning and user-centric design, proactive alerts"	two
599	"Proficient in Tableau, R Programming, SQL, PL/SQL"	"Knowledge of Tableau best practices in performance tuning and user-centric design, proactive alerts"	one
600	"Tech stack - Kotlin, Java,"	Experience with object-oriented design	two
601	"young and professional software engineer with considerableexperience in mobile development, native Android (five years) andother different platforms (two years)."	"two+ years of professional non-internship experience with front end, web or mobile software development using JavaScript, HTML and CSS"	three
602	"Bachelor of Science (BSc), Computer Science"	Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or related field	five
603	"young and professional software engineer with considerableexperience in mobile development, native Android (five years) andother different platforms (two years)."	three+ years of application development experience with Android	five
604	"Tech stack - Kotlin, Java, Dart, Realm, Room, Firestore, RxJava,Coroutines, Daggertwo, Koin, MVVM, MVC, Flutter"	Development experience in Java and Kotlin Android environments	four
605	"Developing Android applications, maintaining developed products."	Experience with Android frameworks	four
606	"Performed as Senior Android Developer in Fintech native app teamwhere my core responsibilities are taking architectural decisions,restructuring, refactoring, reviewing code and fixing the bugs."	"Experience applying computer science fundamentals in data structures, problem solving, and complexity analysis"	three
607	"Feature development, redesigning UI and writing test cases are alsoa crucial part of my current work."	Experience communicating technical problems to both technical and business audiences verbally and in writing	four
608	"Technologies: Java, JavaScript, Objective C, C#, Eclipse, XCode, VisualStudio, Windows, Linux, Mac, Sencha Touch, Android SDK, iOS, Ant,VMWare"	"Experience in mobile design patterns (MVVM), building mobile frameworks / SDKs, building custom UX widgets and optimizing apps for performance (Instruments)"	one
609	Mobile software testing automation.	Experience writing testable code and automating test regressions	two
610	"I’ve built numerous native Androidand iOS applications for big brands, and also back-end softwareto support them where needed."	Experience with multi-module application in a large distributed team environment.	four
611	Substituting our scrum-masters when any of them becoming unavailable andleading teams during the iterations	"Knowledge of professional software engineering practices including coding standards, code reviews, source control management, build processes, testing and operations"	two
612	"integration of the new major versions of the mobile advertisement providersSDKs,"	"Experience developing, releasing, and maintaining an Android app"	one
613	"REST architectures over the HTTP protocol, JSONrequest/response format, and others"	Experience with REST architecture for web services	three
614	Substituting our scrum-masters when any of them becoming unavailable andleading teams during the iterations	"Knowledge of professional software engineering practices & best practices for full software development life cycle, including coding standards, code reviews, source control management, continuous deployments, testing and operations"	one
615	"Master's Degree, Computer Science, Artificial Intelligence"	Master’s degree in Computer Science or related field	five
616	I am mainly working on Android applications and frameworks development	Experience with Android frameworks	four
617	"I’ve built numerous native Androidand iOS applications for big brands, and also back-end softwareto support them where needed."	Develop and deliver new product features for our Android application	two
618	"I’ve learnt to have a critical eye about how things aredone by and around my team, to value team performance, to avoidunnecessary complexity and to always adapt to pursue the bestresults."	Improve engineering processes and tools to increase team effectiveness	four
619	"I’ve also supportedco-workers from other specialities and teams, e.g. investigating complexissues involving multiple back-end services, implementing features in backendsoftware, contributing improvements to iOS apps, etc."	Work across both technical and business focused teams to deliver value to our creators	four
620	Senior Android Developer May two0one6 - June two0one9 (three years two months)	two+ years of application development experience on Android	five
621	"I built this green field Android application withthe best available tools and techniques: one00% Kotlin, Android Data Binding,Dependency Injection w/ Dagger, REST APIs consumption with Retrofit andOkHttp, Continuous Integration and Delivery, static analysis, Unit and UI(Espresso) tests for all use cases, ProGuard/R8 integration for IntellectualProperty protection and download size optimisation, and much more."	"Strong proficiency with Java, Kotlin, and the Android development ecosystem"	four
622	"I’ve also spoken on importanttech events (eg: QCon SP, InterCon Android), universities, privatecompanies and local tech meetings in São Paulo as well as othercities in Brazil."	Ability to communicate complicated technical problems to both technical and business audiences	five
623	"Reported to project managers, directors and other team members"	Ability to communicate complicated technical problems to both technical and business audiences	two
624	"Bachelor of Engineering - BE, Elektrotechnik / Informatik · (two0oneone - two0onefive)"	Bachelor's degree or above in Computer Science or relevant field	one
625	"Ruby on Rails, Linux, PostgreSQL, XHTML, CSS, JavaScript"	"Familiarity with web technologies and languages (HTTP, REST, HTML, CSS, JavaScript)"	two
626	"While practising agile methods for both projects and softwareengineering, I’ve learnt to have a critical eye about how things aredone by and around my team, to value team performance, to avoidunnecessary complexity and to always adapt to pursue the bestresults."	Work in an Agile/Scrum environment to deliver high quality software against aggressive schedules	two
627	"I’ve also built customcomponents when those were not offered by the platform’s or threerdparty frameworks, like views, layout managers, gestures, etc"	Help define and implement standards and promote best practices for the Android development team	three
628	"I’ve built numerous native Androidand iOS applications for big brands, and also back-end softwareto support them where needed"	"Architect, design, develop and deploy new features for our Android apps, working with multiple back-end teams"	three
629	"Freelance Software Developer, Consultant April two0onefour - Present (6 years five months)"	two+ years of non-internship professional software development experience	five
630	"Technologies: Java, JavaScript, Objective C, C#, Eclipse, XCode, VisualStudio, Windows, Linux, Mac, Sencha Touch, Android SDK, iOS, Ant,VMWare."	"Programming experience with at least one modern language such as Java, C++, or C# including object-oriented design"	four
631	"I architectured and developed mobile applications for Android, iOS and back-end Rails software/webservices to support them."	"one+ years of experience contributing to the architecture and design (architecture, design patterns, reliability and scaling) of new and current systems."	one
632	"Bachelor of Science (BSc), Computer Science · (two0one0 - two0onethree)"	Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or related field	five
633	"A young and professional software engineer with considerableexperience in mobile development, native Android (five years) andother different platforms (two years)."	three years of professional software development experience	one
634	Senior Android Developer May two0one6 - June two0one9 (three years two months)	three years of software development experience using Java on Android	one
635	Real object recognition.	Proficiency in object oriented development and ability to apply OO concepts	one
636	"Interested in utilising modern agilemethodologies and practices such as Scrum, Kanban to provide ahigh quality product in the quickest time possible"	Work in an Agile/Scrum environment to deliver high quality software against aggressive schedules	three
637	Ensuring the reliability of coding through test driven development andproviding input into server side and UI designs	"Write clean, maintainable code and perform peer code-reviews."	two
638	"Managing every phase of the development life cycle for original apps fromdesign and programming through to testing, graphics and publishing"	Develop and deliver new product features for our Android application	three
639	"A young and professional software engineer with considerableexperience in mobile development, native Android (five years) andother different platforms (two years)."	three years of software development experience using Java on Android	three
640	"Performed as Senior Android Developer in Fintech native app teamwhere my core responsibilities are taking architectural decisions,restructuring, refactoring, reviewing code and fixing the bugs."	"Architect, design, develop and deploy new features for our Android apps, working with multiple back-end teams"	two
641	"Performed as Senior Android Developer in Fintech native app teamwhere my core responsibilities are taking architectural decisions,restructuring, refactoring, reviewing code and fixing the bugs."	"Write clean, maintainable code and perform peer code-reviews."	two
642	"Feature development, redesigning UI and writing test cases are alsoa crucial part of my current work."	"Architect, design, develop and deploy new features for our Android apps, working with multiple back-end teams"	one
643	"A young and professional software engineer with considerableexperience in mobile development, native Android (five years) andother different platforms (two years)."	Extensive knowledge of Android development techniques and practices	four
644	"built this green field Android application withthe best available tools and techniques: one00% Kotlin, Android Data Binding,Dependency Injection w/ Dagger, REST APIs consumption with Retrofit andOkHttp, Continuous Integration and Delivery, static analysis, Unit and UI(Espresso) tests for all use cases, ProGuard/R8 integration for IntellectualProperty protection and download size optimisation, and much more"	"Contribute best-in-class programming skills to develop highly innovative, consumer-facing Android apps."	three
645	"Managing every phase of the development life cycle for original apps fromdesign and programming through to testing, graphics and publishing"	Experience defining system architectures and exploring technical feasibility tradeoffs	two
646	"Finally, when Affinitas merged with Spark Networks, I was one of the veryfirst engineers to work on a completely new platform targeting high businessscalability, allowing the now publicly listed company much higher efficiencywhen launching new brands, acquiring/merging competitors, and expandingbrands to new markets/regions"	"Contribute best-in-class programming skills to develop highly innovative, consumer-facing Android apps"	four
647	"My collaboration dramatically improved the stabilityof the eDarling and EliteSingles apps, from 8x% to 99+% crash-free sessions."	Help define and implement standards and promote best practices for the Android development team	four
648	Managed contributions from 9 developers andprovided coaching to interns and junior developers	Ability to teach and mentor junior and mid-level engineers	five
649	"Unix/Linux Administration – Solaris, RedHat(RHEL), Oracle Linux,SuSe Linux, Hp-Ux, AIX."	"Experience with Networking (TCP/IP, DNS)"	three
650	"Cloud Computing - Amazon Web Services-AWS & CloudStack ,OpenStack"	Exposure to Cloud computing	five
651	Red Hat Certified SystemAdministrator (RHCSA)	Exposure to security concepts / best practices	two
652	"Infrastructure as code with terraform for AWS, DockerAWS, creating and launching ectwo instances, setting up VPC, configure autoscaling, backup and restore in Sthree Storage"	Exposure to Cloud computing	four
653	"Expertise in troubleshooting various system administration, cloudand DevOps environments"	"Experience troubleshooting system, application and networking issues in a Linux environment"	two
654	"Database - MySQL, Oracle one0g and oneonegRtwo"	"Experience with database technology, both relational and NoSQL"	three
655	"Scripting Language - Shell Script, HTML, Python, YMAL."	"Proficiency in one or more of Perl, Python, Ruby, Bash or Java"	two
656	"Installing, configuring and maintaining of RedHat/CentOS linux operatingsystem, Continuous Integration, Automation and Configuration Managementtools."	"Hands-on experience managing efforts in Unix environments, distributed systems and/or maintaining large-scale web applications"	three
657	"Scripting Language - Shell Script, HTML, Python, YMAL."	"Experience with any of the following web development languages jQuery, Bootstrap, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Angular, rails"	one
658	"Certified in Linux, Solaris, AWS Cloud Solutions Architect -Associate"	Exposure to Cloud computing	four
659	Creating virtual environment for testing the puppet modules with vagrantmachines.	Exposure to Virtualization	five
660	"Installation and configuration of Unix OS – Solaris, Linux(RHEL,OEL,SuSe)"	"Hands-on experience managing efforts in Unix environments, distributed systems and/or maintaining large-scale web applications"	two
661	"User, package, yum and patch, firmware update to latest levelNew file systems, SVM & LVM, adding LUNs, import and export volumegroups, resize volumes. Multipath, LUNs, RAID configurations & networkconfigurations like FTP,NFS,NIS"	Exposure to security concepts / best practices	three
662	"Unix Server Design, Capacity & Planning for Unix Environment,Installing, Configuring, Implementing of all Unix flavors"	"Hands-on experience managing efforts in Unix environments, distributed systems and/or maintaining large-scale web applications"	three
663	"Virtualization Administration (Solaris Zones, Containers,LDoms) RHEL Virtualization (KVM) VmWare Virtualization (ESX)"	Exposure to Virtualization	five
664	"Cloud technologies : CloudStack and Orchestration, Chef Knowledge on OpenStack and MySQL database"	Exposure to Cloud computing	four
665	"Virtualization administration : Zones, Containers, LDoms, KVM, L-Pars, XenServer/Client, VmWare"	Exposure to Virtualization	four
666	Writing automation scripts in shell for Unix/Linux administration tasks	"Experience troubleshooting system, application and networking issues in a Linux environment"	one
667	Wrote PLSQL code and backup recovery using Veritas	"Experience with database technology, both relational and NoSQL"	two
668	"Displayed proficiency in handling, configuring, and installing the following: Oracle 9i/one0g (Windows and Linux servers) Oracle 9i/one0g MySQL databse"	"Experience with database technology, both relational and NoSQL"	three
669	Migrated SQL server and MySQL into Oracle project	"Experience with database technology, both relational and NoSQL"	two
670	Spearheaded the management and maintenance of Debian and VMWareservers	Exposure to Virtualization	one
671	Took charge of maintaining Linux (Red Hat and CentOS) servers	"Experience troubleshooting system, application and networking issues in a Linux environment"	three
672	"Capitalized on industry expertise in installing, configuring, andtroubleshooting Solaris one0 and oneone andvirtualization-"	"Experience troubleshooting system, application and networking issues in a Linux environment"	three
673	Handled the setup and configuration of QFS on Solaris as well asimplementation of simple cluster on Red HatLinux 6.four and MySQL	"Experience with Networking (TCP/IP, DNS)"	one
674	"Integrated PCI security on Solaris and Red Hat (four.X,five.X,6.X) in implementingSecurity sheet on the customer’sservers in addition to following up with the Risk Management Department forthe results and enhancementsthat are required based on their business need"	Exposure to security concepts / best practices	three
675	"Capitalized on industry expertise in installing, configuring, andtroubleshooting Solaris one0 and oneone andvirtualization-"	Exposure to Virtualization	one
676	Led the automation of Oracle DB and MySQL instances utilizing a privatecloud with Linux servers	"Experience with database technology, both relational and NoSQL"	three
677	Led the automation of Oracle DB and MySQL instances utilizing a privatecloud with Linux servers	Exposure to Cloud computing	one
678	Carry out the automation of daily and repetitive tasks including Backup Scriptto backup AWS servers DB andapplication server from centralized server	"Hands-on experience managing efforts in Unix environments, distributed systems and/or maintaining large-scale web applications"	two
679	Apply security patches in the implementation of Peripheral ComponentInterconnect (PCI) security standards on servers	Exposure to security concepts / best practices	three
680	Maintain and troubleshoot CUPs servers while monitoring production serversutilizing SolarWinds andCentreon (FAN)	"Experience troubleshooting system, application and networking issues in a Linux environment"	three
681	"Administer more than 80 production servers and onefive0 development, QC, andQA environments-"	Exposure to security concepts / best practices	two
682	Pioneered the implementation of business continuity plan and disasterrecovery for GT.M database as well asVista on Docker for testing	Exposure to security concepts / best practices	two
683	"My area of expertise includes; Unix systems administration and maintenance Infrastructure as a code with automation DB integration and administration such as MySQL, NoSQL DB(GTM) Cloud infrastructure"	"Experience with database technology, both relational and NoSQL"	three
684	"For the purpose of automation and global administration, myexperience involves the use of Bash scripting, Ansible, Puppet andTerraform which I use in my day to day tasks"	"Experience with Networking (TCP/IP, DNS)"	two
685	I am a Specialised Linux Engineer with experience in DevOpsn withover onefive years	"four+ year experience with systems administration in Linux/Unix (Ubuntu, CentOS, RedHat, Solaris, etc.)"	five
686	"My area of expertise includes creating, maintaining,hardening and administering Linux systems which includes Redhat,CentOS, SUSE and Debian."	"Experience with Networking (TCP/IP, DNS)"	one
687	Windows and Linux System Administrator July two0one0 - Present (one0 years two months)	"four+ year experience with systems administration in Linux/Unix (Ubuntu, CentOS, RedHat, Solaris, etc.)"	three
688	"In this position I will take part in daily linux/unix support, as well as offeringassistance with project tasks."	"Hands-on experience managing efforts in Unix environments, distributed systems and/or maintaining large-scale web applications"	one
689	Experience: Sun Solaris 8/9/one0 Tru6four Unix Red Hat Enterprise Linux four/five Vmware ESX	Exposure to Virtualization	two
690	Performing day-two-day operations like incident and problem solving for all Unix(HP Tru6four) and Linux (RHEL) systems	"Experience troubleshooting system, application and networking issues in a Linux environment"	two
691	"Tasks are performing administration of the existing environment, as well asparticipation in projects regarding installation of new environments, hardwarerefreshes etc."	"Hands-on experience managing efforts in Unix environments, distributed systems and/or maintaining large-scale web applications"	one
692	Performing day-two-day operations like incident and problem solving for all Unix(Solaris) and Linux systems. Happy to be involved in the Data Centre Moveproject as well. It is a highly skilled team in a challenging environment with lotsof unix work.	"Hands-on experience managing efforts in Unix environments, distributed systems and/or maintaining large-scale web applications"	three
693	Performing day-two-day operations like incident and problem solving for all Unix(HP Tru6four) and Linux (RHEL) systems	"Experience troubleshooting system, application and networking issues in a Linux environment"	two
694	Also involved in SAN migrations andsome VMware esx work.	Exposure to Virtualization	two
695	"Professional skills in this team are, Solaris, Oracle DBA, LDAP,Apache"	"Experience with database technology, both relational and NoSQL"	one
696	"Professional skills in this team are, Red Hat EnterpriseLinux (RHELfour), VMware ESX, Windows, JBoss"	Exposure to security concepts / best practices	one
697	"Professional skills in this team are, Red Hat EnterpriseLinux (RHELfour), VMware ESX, Windows, JBoss"	Exposure to Virtualization	two
698	"BS, Information Technology · (two00one - two00five)"	"Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering or similar technical field"	three
699	Software Test Engineer September two0one6 - Present (four years)	four+ years of experience as a Software Development Engineer in Test (SDET)	five
700	Develop python scripts to implement these test cases	"Experience developing automation in at least one of OO languages - Java, C#/C++, Python"	two
701	"one0+ years of experience in testing Web applications and WebServices on all major platforms i.e. on Windows, Linux and Macmostly in agile environment."	Experienced in mobile (iOS and Android) and web test automation	five
702	"Experience of leading and delivering Automated Testing throughoutthe life cycle, Load Testing, Continues Integration, developingframeworks for Automated Testing and developing systems forApplication Health Monitoring."	Demonstrated experience in test framework design and development	one
703	Report bugs using issue tracking too	"Experience with testing methodologies (Unit, Scrum)"	one
704	"one0+ years of experience in testing Web applications and WebServices on all major platforms i.e. on Windows, Linux and Macmostly in agile environment."	four+ years of experience as a Software Development Engineer in Test (SDET)	three
705	"Specialties: Software Testing, Exploratory Testing, TestManagement, Test Automation, Selenium,Test Complete, SOAPui,JMeter, QaTraq, TestLink, Ant, JUnit/TestNG, Groovy, Ruby,Continuous Integration"	"Strong knowledge of QA methodology and tools, with demonstrated experience in an SDET role"	three
706	"Responsible to work closely with developers, managers andtest team to Plan, manage and execute required Testing activities throughoutthe lifecycle of many different products"	"Excellent communication, collaboration, reporting, analytical and problem solving skills"	four
707	White and Gray box Testing of complex distributed application of PBOindustry	"Strong knowledge of QA methodology and tools, with demonstrated experience in an SDET role"	two
708	"Involved in improving the current Testing life cycle, Test Managementand Test automation life cycle."	"Strong knowledge of QA methodology and tools, with demonstrated experience in an SDET role"	three
709	Automating desktop Applications using TestComplete and Web services using SOAPui	"Coding experience with automated testing frameworks, tools, services, and physical devices"	two
710	Research and development of Test Automation Solution mostly using opensource tools.	"Coding experience with automated testing frameworks, tools, services, and physical devices"	four
711	Working with QA Manager to improve and optimize SoftwareTesting Life Cycle and training other testers on Test Automation.	Experience influencing software engineering best practices within your team	three
712	Managing Test Automation and Continuous Integration related stuff andtraining other Testers on Test Automation	Experience influencing software engineering best practices within your team	two
713	I have morethan six years of experience as a software test engineer	four+ years of experience as a Software Development Engineer in Test (SDET)	three
714	Create High-Level Scenarios document Write test cases for each scenario. Execute regression testing to ensure that the system under testingis meeting the requirement document	Demonstrated experience in test framework design and development	four
715	Execute test cases manual/automated	"Strong knowledge of QA methodology and tools, with demonstrated experience in an SDET role"	one
716	Report bugs using issue tracking too	Demonstrated experience in test framework design and development	two
717	Using python script language to develop an automated test cases to test theAPI.	"Coding experience with automated testing frameworks, tools, services, and physical devices"	two
718	Using python script language to develop an automated test cases to test theAPI.	"Experience developing automation in at least one of OO languages - Java, C#/C++, Python"	three
719	Using the selenium webdriver framework to test the front end functionality	"Coding experience with automated testing frameworks, tools, services, and physical devices"	one
720	Using a lot of web vulnerability scanner tools to do the security testing	"Strong knowledge of QA methodology and tools, with demonstrated experience in an SDET role"	two
721	"As a Testing Engineer, I create High Level Scenarios document, writetest cases for each scenario, execute test cases, write scripts to automateexecution process, report bugs using issue tracking tool (Jira) and executeregression testing to ensure that Switch Automation System hardware andmobile software releases meet the requirement document."	"Strong knowledge of QA methodology and tools, with demonstrated experience in an SDET role"	five
722	"As a Testing Engineer, I create High Level Scenarios document, writetest cases for each scenario, execute test cases, write scripts to automateexecution process, report bugs using issue tracking tool (Jira) and executeregression testing to ensure that Switch Automation System hardware andmobile software releases meet the requirement document."	Demonstrated experience in test framework design and development	four
723	"As a Testing Engineer, I create High Level Scenarios document, writetest cases for each scenario, execute test cases, write scripts to automateexecution process, report bugs using issue tracking tool (Jira) and executeregression testing to ensure that Switch Automation System hardware andmobile software releases meet the requirement document."	"Coding experience with automated testing frameworks, tools, services, and physical devices"	three
724	"As a verification Engineer I create, enhance and execute manual andautomated test plans to ensure that IP hardware and software releases meetspecified quality standards."	"Strong knowledge of QA methodology and tools, with demonstrated experience in an SDET role"	one
725	Development of Java Web application: The purpose of the application is tobe a web service for remote computing	"Strong, object-oriented design and coding skills"	two
726	"Highly passionate tester that like to use different technologies,methodologies and techniques for assuring high quality of software"	Ability to effectively articulate technical challenges and solutions	one
727	QA for PHPStorm:- Exploratory Testing- Bug verifications- Performance test automation- User's bug reproduction	"Strong knowledge of QA methodology and tools, with demonstrated experience in an SDET role"	three
728	Duties and Responsibilities: Test planning Release and sprint planning Manual testing and test automation Review of existing and creation of new test cases Newcomers onboarding and mentoring Bugs’ root cause analysis	"Strong knowledge of QA methodology and tools, with demonstrated experience in an SDET role"	three
729	Duties and Responsibilities: Test planning Release and sprint planning Manual testing and test automation Review of existing and creation of new test cases Newcomers onboarding and mentoring Bugs’ root cause analysis	Demonstrated experience in test framework design and development	two
730	Definition of test cases for new and updated software components	"Strong knowledge of QA methodology and tools, with demonstrated experience in an SDET role"	one
731	"Selenium WebDriver, Selenide, RestAssured, Cucumber, JIRA, Confluence,Zephyr, Java, Swagger UI, RESTful API, Git, Jenkins, Travis, Maven, Scrum,BrowserStack, Chrome development tools, HockeyApp, iOS, Android"	"Experience with testing methodologies (Unit, Scrum)"	one
732	"Selenium WebDriver, Selenide, RestAssured, Cucumber, JIRA, Confluence,Zephyr, Java, Swagger UI, RESTful API, Git, Jenkins, Travis, Maven, Scrum,BrowserStack, Chrome development tools, HockeyApp, iOS, Android"	"Experience with Android, iOS or other mobile application development or testing"	one
733	Definition of test cases for new and updated software components	Demonstrated experience in test framework design and development	three
734	Verification of software according to requirements and business flows	Demonstrated experience in test framework design and development	one
735	Identification and documentation of bugs	Demonstrated experience in test framework design and development	two
736	"Test planning, creation of test cases and user stories"	Experienced in Agile or Scrum software development methodologies	one
737	"Bamboo, JIRA, Confluence, Putty, Scrum, Chrome development tools, iOS,XCode, Android, Windows Phone"	Experienced in Agile or Scrum software development methodologies	one
738	"Bamboo, JIRA, Confluence, Putty, Scrum, Chrome development tools, iOS,XCode, Android, Windows Phone"	"Strong knowledge of QA methodology and tools, with demonstrated experience in an SDET role"	two
739	Mobile testing and cross-browser UI testing	"Experience with Android, iOS or other mobile application development or testing"	two
740	Tight collaboration with developers and product owner within distributed team	Experience influencing software engineering best practices within your team	three
741	Defects reporting and verification	Demonstrated experience in test framework design and development	one
742	Test cases creation and maintenance	Demonstrated experience in test framework design and development	two
743	Cross-browser testing	Experience with API automation testing including unit test automation frameworks	one
744	I have morethan 7 years experience in Agile Software testing with SCRUM	"Experience with testing methodologies (Unit, Scrum)"	four
745	"I have expertise in all stages of Software Development and Testing Life Cycle. , Web and Mobile Application testing for Android and iOS applications."	"Strong knowledge of QA methodology and tools, with demonstrated experience in an SDET role"	three
746	"I have expertise in all stages of Software Development and Testing Life Cycle. , Web and Mobile Application testing for Android and iOS applications."	"Experience with Android, iOS or other mobile application development or testing"	five
747	"I also have a sound knowledge of HTML, CSS, XMLand JavaScript."	"Experience developing automation in at least one of OO languages - Java, C#/C++, Python"	four
748	Functional and Technical experience involving Planning and Testing of Software	Demonstrated experience in test framework design and development	one
749	"Experience in Test Case Reviews, Test Case Writing, Test Cases"	Demonstrated experience in test framework design and development	two
750	"Experience in Functional Testing, Performance Testing on Symbian platform"	"Experience with Android, iOS or other mobile application development or testing"	one
751	Writing scripts for stress and reliability test execution using in-house scripting language	"Strong, object-oriented design and coding skills"	one
752	Help resolution of issues by collecting phone logs as requested by the development team	Experience influencing software engineering best practices within your team	two
753	Make outbound calls to Small Businesses provided by the researchdatabase.	"Excellent communication, collaboration, reporting, analytical and problem solving skills"	three
754	Work towards achieving individual and team targets in terms of number ofcalls and surveys completed successfully	"Excellent communication, collaboration, reporting, analytical and problem solving skills"	one
755	Excellent communication and analytical skills	"Excellent communication, collaboration, reporting, analytical and problem solving skills"	four
756	Expirience with App testing - iOS and Android	"Experience with Android, iOS or other mobile application development or testing"	three
757	"Experience testing within various methods and knowledge aboutthe underlying management principles: Agile, Scrum"	Experienced in Agile or Scrum software development methodologies	three
758	Experience with performance and load testing of web applications	Experienced in mobile (iOS and Android) and web test automation	three
759	Test execution of test cases and test scenarios - Offboard DiagnosticInformation System Engineering (ODIS E)- Creating Defects in ALM- Retesting Defects- Validation of new features	Demonstrated experience in test framework design and development	two
760	Test execution of test cases and test scenarios /in RMsis - RequirementsManagement for JIRA/	Demonstrated experience in test framework design and development	one
761	Testing of iPhone and Android apps for mySPIN	"Experience with Android, iOS or other mobile application development or testing"	one
762	Testing of iPhone and Android apps for Incontrol apps - Jaguar & Land Rover	"Experience with Android, iOS or other mobile application development or testing"	two
763	Testing of Cloud service & Webtools	Experience with API automation testing including unit test automation frameworks	one
764	Testing of iPhone and Android apps for Audi Athree e-tron-	"Experience with Android, iOS or other mobile application development or testing"	two
765	Senior C++ developer with 9 years experience	"Experience developing automation in at least one of OO languages - Java, C#/C++, Python"	three
766	test of previous articles- plan to improve- design to include improvements and requirements- review new item and improvements- test of the new item	Demonstrated experience in test framework design and development	one
767	"Automation QA Test Engineer having more than 7+ years ofexperience in the software testing industry, mainly in Web andMobile application testing."	four+ years of experience as a Software Development Engineer in Test (SDET)	three
768	"Automation QA Test Engineer having more than 7+ years ofexperience in the software testing industry, mainly in Web and Mobile application testing."	Experienced in mobile (iOS and Android) and web test automation	three
769	Expertise in Selenium automation using Selenium Web Driver with Java	"Experience developing automation in at least one of OO languages - Java, C#/C++, Python"	two
770	Expertise in Selenium automation using Selenium Web Driver with Java	"Coding experience with automated testing frameworks, tools, services, and physical devices"	one
771	Experience in Mobile Automation Using Appium with Java for Both Android & iOS	Experienced in mobile (iOS and Android) and web test automation	five
772	"Full life cycle experience across Waterfall, Agile and Scrummethodologies"	Experienced in Agile or Scrum software development methodologies	five
773	Designed and implemented automation framework from scratchfor Page Objects Model	Experience with API automation testing including unit test automation frameworks	two
774	"Experience in writing tests for E-commerce based webapplications in Selenium with Hybrid, POS"	"Coding experience with automated testing frameworks, tools, services, and physical devices"	three
775	Basic with databases and knowledge of Structured Query Language (SQL)	"Strong, object-oriented design and coding skills"	two
776	Maintained the automation code and resources in source controls like GITHub over the time for improvements and newfeatures.	Experience with open source tools and resource	one
777	"Worked with QA team to test, prevent problems & measuresuccess together with Business Analyst to understand the needs& expectation of the client, to clarify requirements and makerecommendations"	Experience influencing software engineering best practices within your team	four
778	"Excellent knowledge in Requirement Analysis, Requirement Traceability Matrix, Test Strategy, Test Plan, Test Cases to cover allproduct functionality, Test Execution, Defect Management, DefectLog/ Tracking, and Reporting"	"Strong knowledge of QA methodology and tools, with demonstrated experience in an SDET role"	four
779	"Experience in preparation of Test scenarios, Test cases, Test casereviews, Test data collection, Test execution and Defect reporting"	Demonstrated experience in test framework design and development	three
780	"Thorough hand on experience with all levels of testing includingSmoke, Sanity, Usability, Functional, Integration, Regression,Retesting and User Acceptance Testing"	"Strong knowledge of QA methodology and tools, with demonstrated experience in an SDET role"	four
781	"Working Knowledge in Selenium andAppium Automation Tools, Working Knowledge in Performance Testing usingJmeter and BlazeMeter"	"Coding experience with automated testing frameworks, tools, services, and physical devices"	three
782	"Experienced System Engineer (Windows, Linux) and DatabaseAdministrator/Engineer (Microsoft SQL, DataStax EnterpriseCassandra, MySQL, MariaDB, AWS RDS, OCI) with a demonstratedhistory of working in the financial services industry in enterprise levelserver environments"	"Deep knowledge and experience in designing and maintaining relational databases including PostgreSQL, MySQL, Oracle"	two
783	"Collaborate with software vendors and other technical staff to develop,design, implement and continuously improve the database system stack"	"Experience working directly with customers, resolving database, systems and infrastructure-related issues and providing systems architecture leadership"	two
784	"Experienced System Engineer (Windows, Linux) and DatabaseAdministrator/Engineer (Microsoft SQL, DataStax EnterpriseCassandra, MySQL, MariaDB, AWS RDS, OCI) with a demonstratedhistory of working in the financial services industry in enterprise levelserver environments"	"Familiarity with AWS technologies including RDS/Aurora, Redshift and Sthree etc"	one
785	"Automation and Designing a framework for deployment, customization,upgrades, and monitoring through CI/CD tools (Ansible, Terraform, GitLab,Control-M, Datadog)"	Proven track record of automating tasks	four
786	Collaborate with software vendors and other technical staff to develop	Excellent communication skills	one
787	"Lead in analyzing, recommending, maintaining and documenting productionautomation, monitoring systems operation and database system standard,policy, and architecture with engagement in the data center migration"	Monitor and maintain database security and database software.	three
788	"A highlymotivated and ambitious individual able to give timely and accurateadvice, guidance, support, and training to team members andindividuals"	Highly motivated individual always looking to grow and learn.	five
789	Possessing excellent technical and management skills and having the ability to work with the minimum of supervision whilstleading a team of nine or more	Highly motivated individual always looking to grow and learn.	one
790	"Lead in analyzing, recommending, maintaining and documenting productionautomation, monitoring systems operation and database system standard,policy, and architecture with engagement in the data center migration"	"Test, validate and implement performance and resource optimization improvements in consultation with development Teams"	two
791	"Automation and Designing a framework for deployment, customization,upgrades, and monitoring through CI/CD tools (Ansible, Terraform, GitLab,Control-M, Datadog)"	"Experience in creating automation tools for managing relational databases (auditing, account management, discovery, and schema deployment)"	three
792	"Develop, maintain and enforce SLA to ensure service and infrastructure availability"	Monitor and maintain database security and database software	three
793	"Collaboration with engineering, quality engineering and product management to architect and build systems/features that are highly available, reliable andsecure"	"Review, design and develop data models in conjunction with the application development teams"	four
794	"Administration, deployment, planning, maintenance, upgrade, patching,optimization, performance tuning of MySQL, MariaDB, Microsoft SQL includingSSRS, Power BI Report Server, SSIS, SSAS, Datastax Enterprise Cassandraincluding OpsCenter, AWS RDS, OCI"	"Experience with performance tuning, backup/recovery, and scalability/capacity planning"	five
795	Implementing/maintaining database failover mechanism and perform disaster recovery exercises for mission-critical databases	"Experience with performance tuning, backup/recovery, and scalability/capacity planning"	four
796	"Driving improvements in database performance via changes logical andphysical data organization (partitioning), tuning and configuration"	"Experience with performance tuning, backup/recovery, and scalability/capacity planning"	three
797	Developed automated and optimized process for archiving/purging data with respect to foreign keys for MySQL/MariaDB using Percona Toolkit	Proven track record of automating tasks	five
798	"As an MS SQL Server and DataStax Enterprise (DSE) DBA/architect,managed enterprise environment with database servers, including MS SQLServer two008 Rtwo/two0onefour/two0one6/two0one7, DSE five/6, located on Windows Server two0onetwoRtwo/two0one6, RHEL 6/7 physical and virtual servers"	"Deep knowledge and experience in designing and maintaining relational databases including PostgreSQL, MySQL, Oracle"	three
799	"Developing a database with metadata, automating data collection usingscripts from all database systems centralizing collected data"	Proven track record of automating tasks	three
800	"Automate deployment, configuration, patching, and maintenance of databasesystems and related products"	Proven track record of automating tasks	four
801	"Monitoring capacity, performance and system health of running database systems"	"Experience in analyzing issues holistically, from the application tier through the database, down to the storage"	one
802	Analyzing and proposing improvements for MS SQL Server and DSE	"Experience with performance tuning, backup/recovery, and scalability/capacity planning"	two
803	"Database design and implementation (architecture, high availability, schemaoptimizations)"	"Review, design and develop data models in conjunction with the application development teams."	three
804	"Planning and deployment of high-availability database environments (Always-On, Clustering, Mirroring, Replication)"	"Experience with performance tuning, backup/recovery, and scalability/capacity plannin"	one
805	Advanced database performance tuning and process optimization	Track record of engineering performance and availability solutions.	one
806	"Collaborate with software vendors and other technical staff to develop,design, implement and continuously improve the database system stack"	"Review, design and develop data models in conjunction with the application development teams."	five
807	"Server and database security with hardening standard, including access andservice accounts standard for MS SQL Server and DSE"	Monitor and maintain database security and database software.	three
808	"A backup and recovery strategy for MS SQL Server, DSE, MySQL andMariaDB with EMC NetWorker and DataDomain"	"Experience with performance tuning, backup/recovery, and scalability/capacity planning"	three
809	Maintain and review security for MS SQL	Monitor and maintain database security and database software.	four
810	"Monitoring, maintaining, and reporting of the capacity in SQL Server"	Monitor and maintain database security and database software	five
811	Configure and maintain high availability of data related to the SQL service	Monitor and maintain database security and database software	two
812	"Troubleshooting, performance tuning and diagnosing in SQL Server"	"Excellent troubleshooting and problem-solving abilities and managing databases in large-scale, geographically diverse environments."	three
813	"Installation, configuration, migration, and maintenance of SQL Server"	"Deep knowledge and experience in designing and maintaining relational databases including PostgreSQL, MySQL, Oracle"	two
814	Developing and creation of the automatic job for the archiving process of datafrom Oracle to Microsoft SQL Server	Proven track record of automating tasks	four
815	Maintaining and developing the Veritas NetBackup system that is used to switch the backup on magnetic tape	"Experience with performance tuning, backup/recovery, and scalability/capacity planning"	one
816	"Installation and upgrading database Planning the necessary hardware resources and defining the configurationparameters of the operating system Creation of guidelines, procedures, structures and objects in the database Monitoring and optimization of system performance database Planning and implementation of backup/restore/recovery data Analysis of data in order to maintain data integrity and troubleshooting Managing correlation between the database and applications, control useraccess based"	"Deep knowledge and experience in designing and maintaining relational databases including PostgreSQL, MySQL, Oracle"	three
817	Bachelor of Engineering in IT Technologies	"Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Computer or Electrical Engineering, Mathematics, or a related field"	three
818	"I have over thirty years of experience as a Team Leader, ProjectLeader, Systems Engineer, Database Engineer, Senior Analyst andBusiness Analyst"	"Minimum of five year's experience with administering and supporting multiple relational databases for performance critical, highly available systems of PostgreSQL and MYSQL databases on AWS RDS/Aurora platform."	three
819	"I have worked extensively with monitoring and optimizing applications and database performance, and am proficient with PL/SQL, T-SQL, SQL and UNIX"	"Deep knowledge and experience in designing and maintaining relational databases including PostgreSQL, MySQL, Oracle"	three
820	"I am also experienced with debugging and performancetuning at both the application and server level, and over twelve yearsof Oracle and over three years of SQL Server experience."	"Minimum of five year's experience with administering and supporting multiple relational databases for performance critical, highly available systems of PostgreSQL and MYSQL databases on AWS RDS/Aurora platform."	two
821	"I am also experienced with debugging and performancetuning at both the application and server level, and over twelve yearsof Oracle and over three years of SQL Server experience."	"Experience with performance tuning, backup/recovery, and scalability/capacity planning"	two
822	I supervised four team members.	Experience in assisting and mentoring junior team members	one
823	I enhanced Oracle PL/SQL code to improve performance and increase functionality.	"Experience with performance tuning, backup/recovery, and scalability/capacity planning"	one
824	"MS SQl , Postgresql, Oracle, pl/sql, tsql, pl/pgsql, migration, performancetuning, SSIS, SSRS, SSAS.Redshift, Kettle"	"Deep knowledge and experience in designing and maintaining relational databases including PostgreSQL, MySQL, Oracle"	two
825	"Assist with administrative maintenance of relational databases includingbackup/recovery, schedule jobs,problem diagnosis and performance tuning. Implement data models and database designs"	"Deep knowledge and experience in designing and maintaining relational databases including PostgreSQL, MySQL, Oracle"	two
826	Assist in the resolution of database capacity issues	"Experience with performance tuning, backup/recovery, and scalability/capacity planning"	three
827	"Design, develop and maintain web-based business process and database applications"	"Review, design and develop data models in conjunction with the application development teams"	three
828	Design and create database structure	"Review, design and develop data models in conjunction with the application development teams"	two
829	"Assist with administrative maintenance of relational databases includingbackup/recovery, schedule jobs,problem diagnosis and performance tuning. Implement data models and database designs"	"Experience with performance tuning, backup/recovery, and scalability/capacity planning"	two
830	"Assist with administrative maintenance of relational databases includingbackup/recovery, schedule jobs,problem diagnosis and performance tuning. Implement data models and database designs"	Monitor and maintain database security and database software	one
831	Rotation On calls support twofourX7	"On-call for production databases - daily maintenance, monitoring, problem resolution and internal customer/dev support."	four
832	"Expertise in giving remote database support, maintaining productiondatabases, Data guard, AWS RDS , Aurora(Postgres, MySQL) and Redshift"	"Deep knowledge and experience in designing and maintaining relational databases including PostgreSQL, MySQL, Oracle"	three
833	6+ years of Extensive Migration experience from Oracle to other Databaseplatforms like AWS Oracle/MySQL/Postgres and Redshift	"Minimum of five year's experience with administering and supporting multiple relational databases for performance critical, highly available systems of PostgreSQL and MYSQL databases on AWS RDS/Aurora platform"	two
834	6+ years of Extensive Migration experience from Oracle to other Databaseplatforms like AWS Oracle/MySQL/Postgres and Redshift	Strong knowledge of AWS technologies.	two
835	End to End cross platform database migrations using AWS technologies and built monitoring using cloud watch alarms for critical metrics	Strong knowledge of AWS technologies.	three
836	Database Security	Monitor and maintain database security and database software	three
837	Experience in implementing Various Cost Optimization techniques in AWS forRedshift and Databases	Strong knowledge of AWS technologies	two
838	"Provided database support for 600+ databases running on multiple platformswhich includes Oracle, MySQL, PostgreSQL, Netezza"	"Deep knowledge and experience in designing and maintaining relational databases including PostgreSQL, MySQL, Oracle"	three
839	"Engineered, implemented and supported high availability solutions usingOracle Data Guard, Real Application Clusters (RAC), Oracle Streams, OracleAdvanced Replication and specific network storage and clustering solutions(snap mirror)."	"Experience in analyzing issues holistically, from the application tier through the database, down to the storage"	two
840	"Provided database consulting and engineering to development teams,created custom SQL, monitoring and backup scripts"	"Test, validate and implement performance and resource optimization improvements in consultation with development Teams"	two
841	"Implementation and support of multi-master advanced Postgres & Mysqlreplication, backup strategies, providing database consulting and engineering"	"Experience with performance tuning, backup/recovery, and scalability/capacity planning"	one
842	"Database Software Installations, upgrades, migrations, performancetuning, backup and recovery, schema management, SQL tuning, proactivemonitoring and troubleshooting Oracle,MySQL,PostgreSQL databases in a7xtwofour environment."	"Experience with performance tuning, backup/recovery, and scalability/capacity planning"	three
843	"Planning for Backup and Recovery of database information and maintainingHotBackups (Daily), Cold Backups (Weekly), Logical Backup (Daily) usingExports"	"Experience with performance tuning, backup/recovery, and scalability/capacity planning"	two
844	Successfully applied Patches to upgrade database.	Monitor and maintain database security and database software	one
845	"Provided database consulting and engineering to development teams,created custom SQL, monitoring and backup scripts"	"Experience with performance tuning, backup/recovery, and scalability/capacity planning"	one
846	Developed RMAN scripts for database backup and recovery for both RACand standalone instances.	"Experience with performance tuning, backup/recovery, and scalability/capacity planning"	two
847	"Designed/developed tables, views, various SQL queries, stored procedures,functions"	"Deep knowledge and experience in designing and maintaining relational databases including PostgreSQL, MySQL, Oracle"	one
848	"Setting up a new frontend project, with React and graphQL.Worked with React Native on the Metro app"	"Development expertise in OOP, Java, JavaScript, Web services, Scripting languages, and modern MVC/MVM Frameworks (React.JS, Angular, Vue, etc."	two
849	Involved in maintaining applications in production environment	Experience running and maintaining a twofourx7 Internet-scale production environment	four
850	"Experience in Apache Spark, Hadoop tools in analysis of data"	"Experience in diving deep into telemetry, metrics and usage data with help of data analytics tools"	two
851	It's all about user experience and accessibility. A passionate lifelonglearner	Ability to use that data to justify your insights and improve user experience	four
852	Managed a team of five frontend engineers	Experience managing and growing frontend engineers	three
853	"Work Experience with SME's , Product owners,delievry Managers"	A track record of communicating well with executives and non-technical leaders	three
854	"Worked on optimization of usability performance , several cross -browser compatibility"	"You understand the design aspects of usability, performance, internationalization and localization, cross-browser compatibility, obfuscation and optimization."	three
855	Experience with collaboration of UI designers on interactivity	You work in collaboration with UI designers on application interface and interactivity.	four
856	"I am a front-end developer with prior experience. My currentfocus is with Typescript, React and UX design.started in two0onetwo withRuby on Rails, and have worked on various web based projects"	You have a working knowledge of UI design principles and are able to apply style guides to new interfaces.	four
857	Experieince in troubleshooting web applications	You understand how to troubleshoot web applications.	five
858	High expertise in responsive design and mobile development.Implemented test code in Git	"You recognize and adopt best practices in software development: design, testing, version control,"	three
859	"Expert in front-end technologies and development: HTML, CSS and Javascript."	"You write high quality, maintainable, and robust frontend code, often in Javascript with HTML and CSS."	five
860	"Experience with backend architectures like Python,Java"	"You have working knowledge of relational databases and backend architecture and languages (Java, Python, or C++)"	three
861	"Expert in cross plateform compatibility, javascript, Ruby on rails,HTMLfive,CSSthree or SVG"	"You have a working knowledge of the latest UI technologies, frameworks and concepts including HTML five, React/Angular/Vue, REST, AJAX, and responsive design."	four
862	At Urlist I was developing the Urlist single-page web application. It's basedon Backbone.js. I also wrote some of the first mobile apps for the new FirefoxOS from Mozilla	You can define APIs and integrate them into usable web applications.	three
863	handle the visual presentation and functionality of web pages and applications for visually impaired users	You design and implement features that enable screen readers to interpret what is displayed on the screen for a visually impaired user.	four
864	I specialize in strategic design of web applications and user-experience online	You recognize and utilize user interface design patterns to solve business problems with highly accessible and usable web applications.	one
865	Developed applications as per the needs of users	You build an understanding of what users do and why they do it to ensure the solution meets their needs and is fit for purpose	three
866	"Worked closely with SME, Product owners,UX designers"	"Work closely with senior engineers, UX designers, and product managers to develop friendly UI experiences."	four
867	We always worked with the latest and greatest tools and methodologies to achieve best technical design	Work closely with engineers to architect and develop the best technical design.	five
868	Worked on frontend of a fastgrowing AWS service	Develop/maintain operational rigor for the frontend of a fast-growing AWS service	four
869	Collaborated with various customers	Engage with customers and other AWS partners	three
870	Experience analyzing web or digital marketing metrics	Experience establishing and leveraging web analytics.	three
871	"Expertise on ull software development life cycle,ource control management, build processes, testing, and operations"	"Knowledge of professional software engineering practices & best practices for the full software development life cycle, including coding standards, code reviews, source control management, build processes, testing, and operations"	four
872	Worked on complete scope of fast growing full stack development projects	Ability to take a project from scoping requirements through actual launch of the project.	two
873	Managed a technical team of frontend engineers	"Experience in communicating with users, other technical teams, and management to collect requirements, describe software product features, and technical designs."	two
874	Expert in full stack development	Deep hands-on technical expertise in full-stack development	four
875	"Expertise on mobile and web development in html,CSS,Javascript"	"Familiar emerging trends in desktop, web, and mobile app development"	four
876	Deployed several deliverables in testing environmentand AWS	"Experience with deployments, dev ops, and / or AWS"	four
877	"have worked on various web based projectsever since: delivery platform, CMS systems, school administrationsoftware, travel platform, video platform for conferences, and manywebsites"	Experience as a member of a UI design team participating in the complete product development lifecycle of successfully launched applications	two
878	I have three+ years of work experience on web development	"three+ years of overall software development experience, with an emphasis on web applications"	four
879	"Built Applications using different protocols like HTTP,Rest services"	"Understanding of web services technologies such as SOAP, HTTP, WSDL, XSD, and REST"	three
880	I enjoy technical challenges and have worked in numerousprofessional fields	"Genuinely excited about technology, have a strong interest in learning about and playing with the latest technologies and building compelling web applications and UI"	three
881	"Good Experience driving software projects, including design and implementation and delivery/deployment."	"Experience driving software projects, including design and implementation and delivery/deployment."	four
882	Passionate in developing web interfaces	"Passion for creating efficient, scalable web interfaces"	four
883	Worked on machine learning frameworks like Tensorflow in python	"Frameworks and Infrastructure with tools like Apache MxNet and TensorFlow,"	three
884	"Implemented machine learning models in AWS ECtwo,AWS Sage Maker"	Machine Learning Platforms such as Amazon SageMaker for data scientists	five
885	Worked on amazon Rekognition to quickly add intelligence to applications with a simple API call	"API-driven Services like Amazon Lex, Amazon Polly, Amazon Transcribe, Amazon Comprehend, and Amazon Rekognition to quickly add intelligence to applications with a simple API call"	three
886	"Implemented Machine learning models in AWS ECtwo,AWS Sage Maker"	"Work with customers’ development and data science teams to deeply understand their business and technical needs and design ML solutions that make the best use of AWS SageMaker, the AWS AI Services and the AWS cloud platform."	three
887	AWS SageMaker services teams to provide customer driven product improvement feedback	Act as a technical liaison between customers and the AWS SageMaker services teams to provide customer driven product improvement feedback	three
888	Have Contributed to the development and support of an AWS internal community of ML	Contribute to the development and support of an AWS internal community of ML related subject matter experts	three
889	"Evangelise AWS ML services and share best practices through forums such as AWS blogs, whitepapers, reference architectures"	"Thought Leadership – Evangelise AWS ML services and share best practices through forums such as AWS blogs, whitepapers, reference architectures and public-speaking events such as AWS Singapore Summit, AWS re:Invent, etc."	three
890	five+ years professional experience in software development in languages related to ML like Python or R.	five+ years professional experience in software development in languages related to ML like Python or R. Experience working with RESTful API and general service-oriented architectures	three
891	"three+ years of experience in technical architecture, design, deployment and operations for AI platforms"	"three+ years of experience in technical architecture, design, deployment and operations for AI platforms, standards, protocols and devices"	four
892	"three+ years of experience with one or more Deep Learning frameworks such as Apache MXNet, TensorFlow"	"three+ years of experience with one or more Deep Learning frameworks such as Apache MXNet, TensorFlow, Caffetwo, Keras, Microsoft Cognitive Toolkit, Torch and Theano"	four
893	"Deliver compelling presentations, product demos, roadmap reviews, sample solutions and discussions to drive adoption of AI on AWS"	"Deliver compelling presentations, product demos, roadmap reviews, sample solutions and discussions to drive adoption of AI on AWS"	four
894	"Architect advanced solutions leveraging AWS services like ECtwo, Sthree, SPOT, and ML related services,"	"Architect advanced solutions leveraging AWS services like ECtwo, Sthree, SPOT, and ML related services, working closely with our customers to deeply understand their business needs and to design technical solutions that take advantage of the AWS Cloud platform."	two
895	"Demonstrate the viability of each solution through mechanisms like proof-of-concepts, prototypes and pilots including applied research activities"	"Demonstrate the viability of each solution through mechanisms like proof-of-concepts, prototypes and pilots including applied research activities that bring early-stage products to market."	three
896	"Develop best practices documentation, and develop a strong go-to-market technical strategy"	"Develop best practices documentation, and develop a strong go-to-market technical strategy."	three
897	Worked in Agile ecosystem as a QA engineer	Understanding how all elements of the system software ecosystem work together and developing QA approaches that fit the overall strategy	two
898	Involved in development and testing of several test cases	Responsible for development of test strategies and creation of appropriate test harnesses	three
899	Supervised execution and monitoring of test cases	"Overseeing the development and execution of test plans, monitoring and reporting on test execution and quality metrics"	three
900	Managed a team of quality analysts to deliver high quality products	Working with a team of quality engineering professionals to ensure the highest quality product delivery	four
901	Worked as a onsite coordinator to manage team from offshore for signoff of the test cases	Coordinating with offshore Quality Service team and Alexa International Quality team on test execution and sign-off	four
902	five+ years of experience as quality assurance manager	three+ years of experience managing Quality Assurance Teams	five
903	Having two+ years of experience as manual tester	Experience in manual testing	three
904	Having five+ years of experience with different handheld devices	Experience in handheld devices is desired	three
905	Worked on automation of orders using shell scripting	Knowledge of UNIX environment and Shell scripting is desired.	three
906	"Worked with different programming languages like JAVA,Python for automation"	Experience in Java/Perl/Python based automation and/or user-level	three
907	Analyzed different logged files while testing the application	Ability to understand technical specifications and analyze log files	two
908	"Knowledge of different methologies Functional Testing,Performance Testing,Usability Testing on different tools"	Strong knowledge of QA methodology and tools	four
909	Executed different reports based on automation results	"Reporting skills, proficient in creating status reports based on automation results"	three
910	"xperience with standard QA and development tools,"	"Demonstrated expertise in testing methodologies, experience with standard QA and development tools, and the ability to operate within short release cycles"	two
911	"Well versed with Test Documentation (Test Scenario, Test Case, Test Data, Defect Report, and Test Metrics"	"Highly methodical test discipline, applicable to all product UI"	three
912	"Experienced in Manual testing(Web, Mobile), Automation (Selenium, Appium, Robotium) and Performance testing(JMeter)"	Experience with API automation testing including unit test automation frameworks	two
913	"Knowledge of testing applications in Android,ios"	"Experience with Android, iOS or other mobile application development or testing"	four
914	Worked with Unix shell scripting and VM servers	Experience working in a UNIX/Linux environment and utilizing virtual machines	three
915	"Knowledge of open source tools like Selenium, Appium,Jmeter"	Experience with open source tools and resources	four
916	Worked on Eclipse platform	"Experience with make, ANT, and Eclipse development platform"	two
917	one0+ years of expereince in automation testing	7+ years’ experience setting up and/or maintaining automated build system.	four
918	"Expereince in scripting web service in C++, Java, XML languages"	"Familiarity with product development (including C++, Java, XML, messaging protocols, and Web Services), service-oriented architecture"	three
919	Worked with Performance Testing tool [Jmeter] and API Testing	"Experience in testing in multiple platforms like Web, big data testing."	three
920	Managed a team of quality analysts designated in different levels	Ability to communicate cross-functionally and with different levels of management	three
921	"Understanding, Analyzing and Streamlining Test Requirements."	Ability to understand technical specifications and generate test cases from them	two
922	Very good fluency and communication with rest of team from other countries	"Good in communicating with developers and technical leaders, even if they are remote."	three
923	Executed different reports based on automation results	Should be able to generate test reports and dashboards for management communication	three
924	"Experience in desiging BDD framework, Rest Assured"	Experience in designing the automation framework for Web/ Devices	three
925	"Well versed with oops, data structures in my curriculum"	"Computer Science fundamentals in object-oriented design, algorithms, and data structures."	two
926	Worked on Multi-thread programming and analyzed the test cases	Skilled in multi-threaded programming and optimization of game systems and rendering	two
927	Expertise on C++ programming using different auotmation tools	"Design, develop and support multi-player game software using high quality C++ with Unreal engine."	one
928	Worked as a quality assurance engineer for five+ years with good customer experience	Quality and the customer experience are what drives you to help build the services that will support the next game blockbuster	one
929	Knowledge of working in development of several tools	You are passionate about building tools and automation to help developers improve their daily workflow	two
930	Expertise in SQA methodology	Fluency in SQA methodology and tools	four
931	Written scripts for handling all the types Pop-Ups and Frames.	Experience of developing test cases using a scripting language	three
932	Knowledge of TCP/IP protocols	Knowledge of communication protocols and streaming	three
933	Exclusive experience with test design and performance	"Hands-on experience with test planning, test designing and execution, performance and stress testing,"	two
934	"Engineering Professional having about four years of Software Testing experience. Experienced in Manual testing(Web, Mobile), Automation (Selenium, Appium, Robotium) and Performance testing(JMeter)"	"You are a sharp, experienced software engineer with strong problem-solving skills, a solid software testing foundation."	four
935	"Expertise in documenting defects with high level of detail, accuracy and informative recreation steps using Quality Center and JIRA"	"You are a talented, detail, oriented and enthusiastic tester who is passionate about quality and is enthusiastic about the new cutting edge technology offered to consumers."	two
936	"Advanced knowledge in Automation testing using HP-UFT/QTP, HP ALM/Quality Center, Selenium IDE, Selenium Web driver, and proficiency in Java, VB Script"	"You will design, plan, execute and automate tests for software across a variety of n-tier architectures and cutting-edge technologies"	three
937	"five+ years of experience as software quality assurance using languages like shell scripting,Python,XML"	"Basic Qualifications Bachelor's in CS or related field + five years of experience or Master's and four+ years of experience in software quality assurance Knowledge of scripting languages such as SQL, Perl, Python, XML or Ruby"	four
938	Good experience on Core Java with automation testing tool as Selenium	"Ability to write code in C, C++ or Java Familiarity with automation testing tools such as Selenium, QTP, Load Runner or Win Runner"	three
939	Well versed with QA and ability to handle continous improvements	Excellent QA aptitude and ability to drive process improvements	two
940	"Proven ability to analyze business requirement, Functional Design, Specifications and use cases to identify test scenarios, develop Test Cases and Test data"	Ability to understand functional/technical specifications and analyze data	three
941	"Excellent communication, presentation, analytical and interpersonal capabilities and problem solving skills to conduct training and coordinating with customers"	"Strong organizational and problem solving skills with great attention to detail, including the ability to track multiple test executions simultaneously and synthesize the results"	four
942	7+ years of experience in Big Data architectures	five+ years of Big Data systems experience	five
943	Well versed with building infrastructure for test cases	five+ years of building infrastructure for test automation	two
944	five+ years of experience in training and leading a team of 6-7 members	"five+ years of experience managing teams of 6-8 people, including hiring, coaching and growing"	five
945	Studied computer science in bachelors with good analysis and problem solving	"Computer Science fundamentals in object-oriented design, data structures, algorithm design, problem solving, and complexity analysis"	three
946	"Good expertise in JAVA, C#"	"Proficiency in, at least, one modern programming language such as C++, C# and/or Java"	four
947	Worked on AWS ECtwo for implementation of machine leanring in AWS and other tools	"Familiarity with AWS tools for data processing, machine learning and visualization"	three
948	Good expertise in Robotium software	Experience with testing embedded or robotics software	four
949	Very good communication skills with a experience from multidiverse environment	Excellence in technical communications with both technical and non-technical peers	three
950	Previous work experience with a diverse team	Ability to work on a diverse team or with a diverse range of coworkers	four
951	Developed different tools using AWS	Experience building scalable products using Amazon Web Services	four
952	Analyzed different type of data using shell scripting	"Experience in basic data manipulation and analysis, including command-line tools and scripting."	three
953	Worked on REST API's and built fully implemented products	Experience in building REST APIs	three
954	one+ years of experience in different architectures	"one+ years of experience contributing to the architecture and design (architecture, design patterns, reliability and scaling) of new and current systems"	one
955	Problem solving abilities using languages like Java	Demonstrated coding and problem solving skills in at least one modern programming language.	two
956	three+ years of experience in Java Language	two+ Experience in at least one OOP language such us Java or Scala	three
957	"three+ years of experience in Python,Perl"	two+ Experience in at least one scripting programming language such as Python/Ruby or Perl.	three
958	Knowledge on big data pipelines	Relevant experience working with big data processing pipelines	three
959	"Implemented data structures using C++, Java"	Ability to design optimised Data structures and algorithms.	three
960	"Worked on Network protocols like Ethernet,CAN"	"Familiar with Automotive Network Protocols such us CAN, LIN, SPI, Ethernet, FlexRay."	three
961	Well versed with Agile & scrum methodologies	Experienced in Agile or Scrum software development methodologies	four
962	Handled project in a efficient way	"Ability to resolve complex issues in creative, efficient, and effective ways"	two
963	Worked in SDK development for Android	Experience in mobile SDK development	three
964	Built Applications using AWS services	Experience on building using Native AWS technologies	three
965	five+ years of experience & Managed a team of engineers	Lead a team of software engineers (front-end or backend) for five+ years	three
966	Developed frontend ar infrastructure software or distributed systems in production environment	Built scalable front-end infrastructure software or distributed systems for commercial online services in a twofourx7 production environment	three
967	"Having 7+ years of work experience in development, and maintenance of web applications"	"Lead the definition, development, and maintenance of web applications for 7+ years"	four
968	"Resolved incoming tickets, troubleshooting problems & managed requirements of application fixes"	"Provide support of incoming tickets, including extensive troubleshooting tasks, with responsibilities covering multiple products, features and services."	three
969	Developed Run book for routine operations to improve the knowledge of new team members	Maintenance - Analysts will work with product team to develop step by step instruction guides for routine operations. Documentation drives consistency and reduces gaps in system knowledge for new and existing team members	three
970	"Highly interative with stake holders, Managers for continous enhancements"	"Operational Excellence - Partner with business stakeholders and Project Managers to proactively identify, drive, build improvements, enhancements, and system customization that solve AWS business needs."	three
971	Worked as an SME shared different ideas for optimal use of these systems	Subject Matter Expert – Develop deep knowledge of the AWS WWRO functions and how they support downstream/upstream systems used by AWS. Act as a trusted adviser for our customers by sharing best practices and requirements for optimal use of these systems.	four
972	Single handedly investigated technical issues	Independently investigate and implement solutions to technical issues	four
973	Investigated root cause analysis of the problems that are recurring	Ability to identify recurring technical issues and propose solutions to address the root of the problems	four
974	Implemented deliverables with actionable solutions	"Experience translating findings into compelling recommendations, polished deliverables, and actionable solutions"	three
975	Well versed with communication and fluency	"Excellent written and oral communication skills,"	four
976	Highly impulsive and passionate to resolve issues when necessary	Willingness to roll up your sleeves and do whatever is necessary	three
977	Knowledge on React front end	Experience with GraphQL/React Native	three
978	Worked in application development in commerce systems	"Understanding of web services, workflow modeling, web application development, and industry-standard commerce systems"	three
979	four+ years of work experience in production & technical support	four+ years overall development/technical support experience	three
980	Knowledge of advanced troubleshooting techniques to resolve customer needs	Apply advanced troubleshooting techniques to provide unique solutions to our customers' individual needs.	four
981	"Expertise on relational database skills like MySQL,PostGRE SQL & streaming services like kafka"	"Exposure to Database Fundamentals and General Troubleshooting (tuning and optimization, deadlocks, keys, normalization) in any Relational Database Engines (MySQL, PostgreSQL, Oracle, SQLServer) OR exposure to search services fundamentals and troubleshooting (indices and JVMMemory analysis and CPU utilization) for key open source products like Elasticsearch and Solr OR exposure to streaming services like Kafka / Kinesis."	three
982	Knowledge in support of business analytics application	"Experience in Business Analytics application, support, and troubleshooting concepts"	four
983	"Well versed with trouble shooting in mutiple platforms like Ubuntu,Redhat"	"Experience with System Administration and troubleshooting with Linux (Ubuntu, CentOS, RedHat) and/or Microsoft Windows Server and associated technologies (Active Directory)"	three
984	"Worked on TCP/IP protocols,DNS in my MBS team"	"Experience with Networking and troubleshooting (TCP/IP, DNS, OSI model, routing, switching, firewalls, LAN/WAN, traceroute, iperf, dig, cURL or related)"	three
985	Knowledge of ETL processes	Familiar with data warehousing and ETL process	five
986	"Worked in analyzing, troubleshooting, and providing solutions to technical issues"	"Experience analyzing, troubleshooting, and providing solutions to technical issues"	four
987	Knowledge on service products like Elasticsearch	"Expertise in Data warehouse (example Redshift, Teradata, Exadata or Snowflake) OR expertise in search services products like Elasticsearch / Solr OR expertise in streaming services like Kafka / Kinesis."	two
988	Expertise with networking protocols	"Strong Networking Skills, with experience in supporting Network Infrastructure."	three
989	"Worked as an system engineer supporting desktop,printers"	"Experience in supporting end-user hardware equipment like Desktop, laptops, Printers and scanners"	three
990	Experience with VPN support cleint system software	"Experience in supporting Windows operating system and Client software like MS Office, VPN"	two
991	having three+ years of experience in Linux administration	Advanced Linux systems administration skills	three
992	"Worked on shell scripting,bash and python"	"Possess Scripting skills or have desire to learn them; specifically Python, Powershell or bash."	five
993	"Certified ITIL professional with clear experience in Incident management,Problem management, change management"	"Knowledgeable in ITIL concepts like Incident management,Problem management, change management and continous service improvement. Strong understanding of support - tickets, monitoring, processes and metrics."	five
994	Trouble shooted multiple systems single handedly	Troubleshoot difficult problems spanning multiple systems without SOPs	three
995	Investigated root cause analysis of the problems that are recurring	Assist root cause analysis of critical issues and problems	four
996	Having practical and theoritical experiene of troubleshooting techniques	Apply theoretical knowledge and troubleshooting techniques to provide solutions to our customer's needs	three
997	Well versed in written and verbal communication skills	"Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Comfortable communicating in person and via phone/e-mail with peers, management, contractors and vendors"	four
998	Good experience with IT terms	Ability to explain complex IT concepts in simple terms	three
999	Managed multiple teams independtly in full implementation of project	Ability to manage and drive high priority projects independently with limited supervision	four
1000	Good experience with customers support	Experience in a customer support environment	four
1001	"Knowledge of analyzing, troubleshooting, and providing solutions to technical issues"	"Experience analyzing, troubleshooting, and providing solutions to technical issues"	four
1002	three+ years of experience in IT support	two+ years’ hands-on IT Support experience in a production environment	four
1003	three+ years of experience on windows administration	two+ years' experience supporting Microsoft Windows 7 or Windows one0	three
1004	"Previous experience on PC repair, troubleshooting,"	"Proven skills in PC repair, troubleshooting, deployment, and liquidation"	three
1005	application support for windows systems	Experience supporting one or more of: Mac OS X or Linux	three
1006	"Knowledge on networking protocols like TCP/IP , DNS"	"Understanding of networking concepts such as DNS, DHCP, Email, HTTP, SSL, OSI Model, and TCP/IP protocols and applications."	three
1007	one+ years of experience with support methodologies	one+ years of experience with support procedures and methodologies	three
1008	one+ years of experience with x86/x6four hardware platforms	one+ years of experience with x86/x6four hardware platforms and components (e.g. five0+ servers)	five
1009	one+ year of experience with large database driven websites	one+ year of experience with large database driven websites and web technologies	four
1010	Certified in RHCA/RHCE	RHCSA/RHCE or equivalent certification	five
1011	Good hardware trouble shooting skills	Excellent hardware troubleshooting skills	four
1012	Worked on Go/No-Go in production systems	Experience writing Go in production systems	three
1013	Experience inComputer Science engineering	Experience in growth engineering or similar product-oriented discipline	two
1014	Experience with interaction of support team	"nteract with PM, QA and support team throughout the product life-cycle"	three
1015	"Worked on multi-threading, parallel processing in JAVA"	"Understanding of OOD, Design patterns, Java internals, multi-threading, parallel processing"	five
1016	"Worked on NoSQL, REST services"	"Experience with in one or more of the following technologies: NoSQL, SOA, REST"	four
1017	Good experience in micro-services	Experience with micro-service approach	four
1018	8+ years of experience in server-side development	At least 8 years’ experience in Java server-side development	three
1019	five+ years building and leading consulting businesses	five+ years in a global hi-tech professional services organization – building and leading consulting businesses	two
1020	"Good experience AWS cloud computing infrastructure (ECtwo, AWS Services etc.)"	"Experience in AWS cloud computing infrastructure (ECtwo, AWS Services etc.)"	five
1021	Experience as a Tech lead / Architect / Hands On team leader	Experience as a Tech lead / Architect / Hands On team leader	five
1022	five+ years of experience in leadning a mutli sized project	"five+ years’ experience leading complex large-scale or multiple mid-sized multi-project programs, including identifying partners and sub-project owners"	four
1023	five+ years applying enterprise scaled Agile/Scrum including as a Scrum Master or Scrum coach	five+ years applying enterprise scaled Agile/Scrum including as a Scrum Master or Scrum coach	five
1024	Worked on several business cases and analytical assessments	"Experience defining project scope, timeline, cost and risk, including building business cases and other analytical assessments"	three
1025	Good customer relationship management	Customer relationship management experience and collaboration skills	three
1026	"three+ years of DevOps, Site Reliability Engineering (SRE), Network Engineering"	"three+ years of DevOps, Site Reliability Engineering (SRE), Network Engineering, or enterprise production experience in similar environments"	two
1027	"Expertise with with Golang ecosystem, Kubernetes operator framework"	"Experience with Golang ecosystem, Kubernetes operator framework and/or client-go"	four
1028	Certified Kubernetes Developer (CKAD) certification	Certified Kubernetes Developer (CKAD) certification	five
1029	"Worked on Java, C++, or C# including object-oriented design."	"Programming experience with at least one modern language such as Golang, Java, C++, or C# including object-oriented design."	three
1030	one+ years of experience contributing to the architecture and design	"one+ years of experience contributing to the architecture and design (architecture, design patterns, reliability and scaling) of new and current systems"	two
1031	two+ years of software development experience	two+ years of non-internship professional software development experience	two
1032	Experienced in digital advertising & data analysis	6+ years of experience in digital advertising and client facing roles with a focus on data analysis	three
1033	Implemented machine leanring models for recommendation	Experience using data to make recommendations to clients or customers and or internal partners	three
1034	Good experience on google analytics	Experience with digital advertising solutions such as Google Analytics	three
1035	Good experience with MS office	"MS Office skills: Microsoft Excel, Word, and PowerPoint"	four
1036	Worked with global cleints like Windsor	Must have managed global clients along with owning up their individual performance goals	three
1037	Certified on training assesment tools	"A certification, qualification, or experience in Training assessment tools."	three
1038	Worked in e-commerce digital marketing	Experience in e-commerce or digital marketing	four
1039	"Expertise on Machine Learning models , AI,"	"five years relevant experience, in a highly quantitative field (Machine Learning, AI, Computer Science, Statistics, Mathematics, Operational Research"	two
1040	"Well Versed with R, Weka, SAS, SPSS, Matlab or other statistical/machine learning software"	"Experience with R, Weka, SAS, SPSS, Matlab or other statistical/machine learning software"	three
1041	Worked on data manipulation/analysis libraries such as Scikit-learn and Pandas for analyzing and modeling data	Proficient with using scripting language such as Python and data manipulation/analysis libraries such as Scikit-learn and Pandas for analyzing and modeling data	four
1042	"Experienced in using multiple data science methodologies to solve complex business problems (e.g. statistical analysis, research science, machine learning and deep learning techniques"	"Experienced in using multiple data science methodologies to solve complex business problems (e.g. statistical analysis, research science, machine learning and deep learning techniques, data modeling, regression modeling, financial analysis, demand modeling, etc.)."	four
1043	"Experienced in handling terabyte-sized data sets, diving into data to discover hidden patterns"	"Experienced in handling terabyte-sized data sets, diving into data to discover hidden patterns, using data visualization tools, using SQL and databases in a business environment."	three
1044	"Knowledge on AWS platforms such as Sthree, Glue, Athena, Sagemaker"	"Functional knowledge of AWS platforms such as Sthree, Glue, Athena, Sagemaker"	four
1045	Good understanding of rigorous mathematical concepts	Ability to convey rigorous mathematical concepts and considerations to non-experts	three
1046	Implemented novel approaches in ML models	"Research and implement novel ML and DL approaches, including using FPGA."	two
1047	"Assist with maintaining current build systems, developed build scripts, and maintained source control in GIT and SVN Responsible for CI environments (Jenkins, Nexus, Sonar)."	Implement Gitlab Runner (Candidate should be aware of different types of runner & how does work in CI/CD)	five
1048	Having a knowledge on Administering Continuous Integration (CI).	Implement Gitlab Runner (Candidate should be aware of different types of runner & how does work in CI/CD)	five
1049	Hands on experience in installing and administrating CI tools like Hudson/Jenkins &Subversion.	Implement Gitlab Runner (Candidate should be aware of different types of runner & how does work in CI/CD)	five
1050	"Environment: Chef, Ansible, GIT, Subversion (SVN), Openshift enterprise OSE, Jenkins, Java/JtwoEE, MAVEN, Nexus, Adobe experience manager(AEM), Shell Scripts, Bash scripts, Linux (RHEL), Apache web servers."	Should have Linux Infrastructure Background	four
1051	"Environment: Chef, Ansible, GIT, Subversion (SVN), Openshift enterprise OSE, Jenkins, Java/JtwoEE, MAVEN, Nexus, Adobe experience manager(AEM), Shell Scripts, Bash scripts, Linux (RHEL), Apache web servers."	Shell Scripting & YAML – Strong Clarity	four
1052	"Environment: Chef, Ansible, GIT, Subversion (SVN), Openshift enterprise OSE, Jenkins, Java/JtwoEE, MAVEN, Nexus, Adobe experience manager(AEM), Shell Scripts, Bash scripts, Linux (RHEL), Apache web servers."	"A good understanding on Linux environments, commands & shell scripting (must have requirement)"	four
1053	"Assist with maintaining current build systems, developed build scripts, and maintained source control in GIT and SVN Responsible for CI environments (Jenkins, Nexus, Sonar)."	Hands-on experience on GITLAB CI/CD implementation in devops	five
1054	"Responsible for Development, QA, SYSTEM, UAT, STAGING, BREAKFIX, PRODUCTION Builds and deployment environment setup"	Good understanding on Devops concepts & best practice with real hands-on in any production system	five
1055	"Architect, Quality control"	Good to have infrastructure provisioning experience for a large-scale system	three
1056	"IT Automation Tool: CFEnginethree (SME), SaltStack, Jenkins MV & LV Power Systems, HVAC, Fibre Optic, Allen Bradley PLC, MATLAB for Control Systems, Digital Electronics, Circuit Design, Logic Design, Processor Architecture"	"Technical Experience : : Deployment, automation, management, and maintenance of AWS cloud-based system Ensuring availability, performance, security, and scalability of AWS systems Definition and deployment of systems for metrics, logging, and monitoring on AWS platform"	five
1057	AWS product knowledge.	"Technical Experience : : Deployment, automation, management, and maintenance of AWS cloud-based system Ensuring availability, performance, security, and scalability of AWS systems Definition and deployment of systems for metrics, logging, and monitoring on AWS platform"	four
1058	Develop automation framework for public cloud infrastructure deployments.	"Deployment, automation, management, and maintenance of AWS cloud-based system Ensuring availability, performance, security, and scalability of AWS systems Definition and deployment of systems for metrics, logging, and monitoring on AWS platform"	five
1059	Develop automation framework for public cloud infrastructure deployments.	Strong experience setting up and deploying CI/CD pipelines	five
1060	Develop automation framework for public cloud infrastructure deployments.	"Strong experience with CI/CD tools like Ansible, Jenkins, TeamCity, Octopus or VSTS"	five
1061	"Perform code reviews, evaluate implementations, and provide feedback for tool improvements."	Code Quality measurement tools like SonarQube	four
1062	"C, C++, Perlscripting, Batch scripting, VB script, PowerShellscripting, SQL,Java/JtwoEE,SoapUI, Ruby Python, Bash,"	Knowledge in any Scripting Languages	five
1063	"Languages: Python, Shell Scripting (Bash & Korn), Perl, HTML"	Knowledge in any Scripting Languages	five
1064	"Customer Service Representative / Sallie Mae - Newark, DE / one0.two0onefour - 0three.two0one8"	Ready for twofourx7 support / on-call support	four
1065	"Operating Systems: UNIX/LINUX, Windows"	"Hands-On experience on Windows server, Linux servers and Web server related tasks."	four
1066	Experience working with Docker container.	Hands-On experience on Containerization (Dockers /Kubernates).	four
1067	"6yearsofexperienceasaBuildand Release DevOpsEngineeringin automating, building, deploying, and releasingofcodefromoneenvironment to otherenvironment."	Work Experience: five to 8 Years	five
1068	Bachelor of Engineering from Geethanjali College of Engineering and Technology passout in two0one6 with 68.08%	Any Graduate (Engineering Graduate preferred with CS / IT background)	four
1069	"DevOps Engineer, 07/two0onefive ? Current"	five + years of experience in Devops Role	five
1070	"DevOps Engineer, 0five/two0one6 to 0five/two0one8"		four
1071	"Conduct systems design, feasibility and cost studies and recommend cost-effective cloud solutions such as Amazon Web Services (AWS)."	"Handson Experience with AWS and DevOps workflows, Could Infra setup"	five
1072	"Took ownership of the app, used Jira tool for requirement gathering, GitHub and Git Lab as version control systems."	"Experience of using enterprise grade requirements management solutions such as Jira, HP ALM"	five
1073	"Oracle,SQL SERVER, MYSQL, DBtwo"	Database management and troubleshooting skills	five
1074	Created API documentations	Experience in Selenium or Cypress or Swagger or Postman	five
1075	"Working experience with DevOps practices in application technology including continuous integration and delivery processes using Jenkins, Bamboo, CruiseControl, Ansible, Chef or Puppet."	CT(Continous Testing) -> Experience in Selenium or Cypress or Swagger or Postman	five
1076	Enforced Agile and Scrum development methodologies on interface projects to shorten development times.	Experience in Agile Methodology	five
1077	"Familiar with AWS services like ECtwo, ELB, Sthree, VPC, EBS, IAM etc Using knife and test kitchen to test cookbooks locally before deploying to AWS environments."	"Analysing, executing, and streamlining DevOps practices. Capture and share best-practice knowledge amongst the AWS solutions architect/developers. Architecting overall, comprehensive, and efficient practices."	five
1078	Added hooks in the project and moved some class-based components to functional components	Setting up a continuous build environment to speed up software development and deployment process	five
1079	Bachelor of Technology: Civil EngineeringJNT University	"Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science or in ""STEM"" Majors (Science, Technology, Engineering and Math) with strong professional experience of one0+ years in DevOps Environment and hands on experience designing Scalable AWS solutions. Up to date on Agile & DevOps knowledge of its benefits and actual experience implementing as a champion."	three
1080	Worked on RDS (Oracle) installation and management in AWS platform.	"Broad experience of additional AWS Product sets such as EMR, Redshift, SQS, SNS, AWS IoT, API Gateway etc. products and their design/usage. Deep knowledge of the primary AWS services (ECtwo, ELB, RDS, Routefivethree, Sthree & AWS-IoT)"	four
1081	"Familiar with AWS services like ECtwo, ELB, Sthree, VPC, EBS, IAM etc Using knife and test kitchen to test cookbooks locally before deploying to AWS environments."	Strong track record of architecting custom solutions utilizing AWS services	five
1082	"0five/onetwo/two0onethreeUniversity of Illinois ? Chicago Chicago, IL 
Master of ScienceElectrical and Computer Engineering 
GPA: GPA: four.00/four.00 
Electrical and Computer Engineering GPA: four.00/four.00"	A degree in Computer Science or at least one years relevant experience in a large-scale online technical operations environment	five
1083	Excellent communication skills in written and verbal both.	Excellent written and verbal communication skills to facilitate efficient and effective interaction with peers and customers	five
1084	Ability to work as individual as well as in group and Self -Motivated with Positive Attitude Academia	Effective organisational skills to maintain a consistently high standard of operations in a busy environment	five
1085	Full stack development of the internal product system using Laravel.	Strong knowledge of the computer science fundamentals and good understanding of multi tiered software systems	three
1086	Provide helpdesk support to end-users of proprietary software.	"Provide critical technical support, incident response and incident management to seller experience internal customers to include monitoring and management of communications during high impact events (via conference calls utilizing an established Event Management process) and close collaboration with level-two and level-three resolvers"	four
1087	"Master of Science: Electrical Engineering, two009"	MS or BS in Computer Science or equivalent	two
1088	"DevOps Engineer, 07/two0one6 to Current"	two years of experience as DevOps engineer working on automating infrastructure tasks.	five
1089	"DevOps Engineer, 0five/two0one6 to 0five/two0one8"	two years of experience as DevOps engineer working on automating infrastructure tasks.	five
1090	Apache Tomcat and Apache HTTP Server specialist Knowledge of BMC RLM.	Experience with developing microservice-based HTTP applications and servers	four
1091	"C, C++, Perlscripting, Batch scripting, VB script, PowerShellscripting, SQL,Java/JtwoEE,SoapUI, Ruby Python, Bash,"	"Unix shell scripting, Python, and Perl are required"	four
1092	"Abilityin developmentandexecution ofXML, Ruby, ShellScriptsandPerlScripts, Powershell, Batch scriptsand Bash also."		four
1093	"ASP.NET one.one/two.0/three.five/four.0, ADO.NET, LINQ, C#.NET, WCF,"	Design software systems with various Microsoft technologies and ensure compliance to all architecture requirements.	five
1094	Experience in Azure services.	"Have idea about DevOps, and can help in setting up CI/CD pipelines , automatic deployment etc"	five
1095	"Architect, Quality control"	Review infrastructure for any issues and recommend solutions.	four
1096	Responsibilities: Working on development & enhancement of different solutions of Intelligrants software to accommodate the requirements of different states by utilizing skills in .net and SQL Server.	Monitor application architecture and ensure appropriate implementation of all solutions	five
1097	"Deployed a web app, database and managing the resources, performance issues online using new Azure portal Experienced in developing Win Forms using C#, web-based applications using ASP.NET."	Job Title: .Net Developer with Angular	five
1098	"net Developer0one/two0onethree to Current
Agate Software Inc"	.NET Developer with 7+ years of experience.	five
1099	"More than 9 years of professional software development experience in design, development, deployment and integration of Enterprise software systems in telecom, finance, Business Intelligence product development."	"Design, code, deploy, and test applications according to the requirements and industry best practices"	five
1100	"More than 9 years of professional software development experience in design, development, deployment and integration of Enterprise software systems in telecom, finance, Business Intelligence product development."	"Assist in development and peer review of plans, technical solutions, and related documentation"	five
1101	"
Used Visual source safe to maintain version control and history during development."	Use version control to version your code	five
1102	Develop tools and processes to improve customer relation/ interaction with systems.	Support the Technical Solution and Product Integration CMMI processes within the project as assigned	four
1103	Computer Science GPA: three.five8	"Bachelor Degree in Engineering, Math or Science"	five
1104	"net Developer0one/two0onethree to Current 
Agate Software Inc"	Minimum of five or more years of experience in technical development activities according to requirements and industry best practices	four
1105	"
Used Visual source safe to maintain version control and history during development."	"Experience with tool sets such as Visual studio, Oracle Client to perform the development activities for the web applications"	five
1106	Review and release test results.	Engage and implement all design and code review practices to ensure high quality of solution is delivered	five
1107	"Established coding guidelines and standards for object oriented and component-based development with maintainability, reusability, and performance in mind."	"Strong analytical, problem solving, and information comprehension and fast learning skills"	five
1108	"Design of public web-service solution, writing design documentation."	"Organized, energetic & passionate team player"	five
1109	Used Visual source safe to maintain version control and history during development.	"Experience with DevSecOps tool sets such as git, Jenkins, Ansible etc"	five
1110	"Expertise on the Analysis, Design, Development and Support of Client/Server application using Microsoft SQL Server two0one6, two0onefour, two0onetwo, two008 Rtwo, two008, two00five."	Experience using development and architecture tools such as Visio etc	four
1111	"Took ownership of the app, used Jira tool for requirement gathering, GitHub and Git Lab as version control systems. 
"	Experience using requirements and change management tools such as JIRA etc	five
1112	Sound understanding and experience in Agile Development process for diverse requirements	"CMMI, Agile knowledge/familiarity"	five
1113	Developed and maintained code using Vb.net and Java	Object-oriented development experience is required	five
1114	"Established coding guidelines and standards for object oriented and component-based development with maintainability, reusability, and performance in mind"		five
1115	"Environment: C#, ASP.Netfour.five, SQL Server two0onetwo, AJAX, HTML five/CSS, Java Script, J-Query, JSON, T-SQL, Visual Studio two0onetwo, .Net Framework, ADO.Net, N-Unit, LINQ, MVC five, WPF,XML, WCF, TFS, SSIS, SSRS ,REST API Olympia university of business and technology,olympia WA,USA [August two0one7-Till Date] Role : .NET DEVELOPER Designed user interface screens and implemented application logic under the Microsoft .NET framework using C# to use .NET features powered with CLR."	three+ years of experience developing Windows solutions using Microsoft technologies is required\	five
1116	"React Developer | ClearCtwo Inc - Coppell, TXonetwo/two0one7 - Current"	three+ Experience with React and Redux	five
1117	"CSSthree, Sass"	"Experience with Sass, Less and/or CSS Modules"	five
1118	Used PHP programming language along with MYSQL as database to develop RESTFUL services	Ability to build and improve a REST/JSON API client	five
1119	"Worked with advance web development technologies like React, Node, Express, MongoDB, MySQL, ECMAScript 6, Typescript, JavaScript, Immutable, Python, Bootstrap four, CSS, HTML, JavaScript Object Notation."	"Experience with type checking solutions (e.g. Flow, TypeScript)"	five
1120	"Worked with advance web development technologies like React, Node, Express, MongoDB, MySQL, ECMAScript 6, Typescript, JavaScript, Immutable, Python, Bootstrap four, CSS, HTML, JavaScript Object Notation."	"Desired Skills and Experience 
Node JS"	five
1121	Maximized use of Events and promises in ES6 and React for application control flow.	"Should be a pro in Javascript with ES6 Standards. 
"	five
1122	Developed Drag-gable and Re-sizable modals using React-DND and React-RND.	"Should have knowledge on NPM , webpack and other js build tools."	five
1123	Enforced Agile and Scrum development methodologies on interface projects to shorten development times.	Should be well versed with the agile development processes.	five
1124	"Developed sound knowledge on React, Redux for front end. MySQL for backend and Express as server."	Strong development exp using React & Java'	four
1125	"Worked with advance web development technologies like React, Node, Express, MongoDB, MySQL, ECMAScript 6, Typescript, JavaScript, Immutable, Python, Bootstrap four, CSS, HTML, JavaScript Object Notation."	"Strong experience in JavaScript, ideally ES6 or ES7, building Single Page Web Applications with modern frameworks (React, Angular, Vue)."	five
1126	Validated customer interface requirements and assessed impact of needs on available systems.	"four+ years of experience with customer facing web experiences. 
"	five
1127	"Updated versions of React, React-Router."	Experience in building single page applications using React or other similar modern JavaScript libraries utilized for rendering user libraries.	five
1128	Introduced Ag-Grid package which can plot millions of table rows at ease using JavaScript.		five
1129	"Worked with advance web development technologies like React, Node, Express, MongoDB, MySQL, ECMAScript 6, Typescript, JavaScript, Immutable, Python, Bootstrap four, CSS, HTML, JavaScript Object Notation."	Familiarity with ES6 and newer versions of JavaScript.	five
1130	Mastered Data Structures and Algorithms to calculate time and space complexities.	"A constant desire to grow, learn, and explore new things."	five
1131	Added hooks in the project and moved some class-based components to functional components	Build reusable modules for both client and server-side usage	four
1132	Added hooks in the project and moved some class-based components to functional components	"Demonstrated passion for building comprehensive, intelligent and elegant solutions"	four
1133	"React Developer | ClearCtwo Inc - Coppell, TXonetwo/two0one7 - Current"	"three to 8 years of relevant work experience in TypeScript (or ES6), React (or similar), MobX and CSS"	five
1134	"University of Illinois At Springfield - Springfield, IL0five/two0one7 
Master of Science: Computer Science"	BS/MS in Computer Science or similar	five
1135	"Used File-Saver for BLOB downloads, React-Chart, Re charts for plotting charts."	Construct visualizations that are able to depict vast amounts of data	five
1136	"Developed quality Web Design mockups using UX principles so that the end products look beautiful, widely accessible and easily understandable for both web developers and customers"	Work with product team and graphic designers	five
1137	Used GIMP open source alternative to photoshop to develop mockups for UI.	Learn and understand user interactions	five
1138	"Developed a web app for show casing how this two-way audio works using HTML, CSS and React JS. 
Tested REST endpoints using POSTMAN."	"Develop a flexible and well-structured front-end architecture, along with the APIs to support it"	five
1139	Tested REST endpoints using POSTMAN.	Experience with REST API's	five
1140	GitHub and Git Lab as version control systems.	Git knowledge is a plus	five
1141	"University of Illinois At Springfield - Springfield, IL0five/two0one7 
Master of Science: Computer Science"	Bachelor’s degree in any STEM program (or equivalent experience)	five
1142	Enforced Agile and Scrum development methodologies on interface projects to shorten development times.	Participate in agile development	five
